“I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow.Simply because life is too short to cry for anything.” ― Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday
“There was a clatter as the basilisk fangs cascaded out of Hermione's arms. Running at Ron, she flung them around his neck and kissed him full on the mouth. Ron threw away the fangs and broomstick he was holding and responded with such enthusiasm that he lifted Hermione off her feet. "Is this the moment?" Harry asked weakly, and when nothing happened except that Ron and Hermione gripped each other still more firmly and swayed on the spot, he raised his voice. "OI! There's a war going on here!" Ron and Hermione broke apart, their arms still around each other. "I know, mate," said Ron, who looked as though he had recently been hit on the back of the head with a Bludger, "so it's now or never, isn't it?" "Never mind that, what about the Horcrux?" Harry shouted. "D'you think you could just --- just hold it in, until we've got the diadem?" "Yeah --- right --- sorry ---" said Ron, and he and Hermione set about gathering up fangs, both pink in the face.” ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“Never close your lips to those whom you have already opened your heart.” ― Charles Dickens
“It isn't possible to love and part. You will wish that it was. You can transmute love, ignore it, muddle it, but you can never pull it out of you. I know by experience that the poets are right: love is eternal.” ― E.M. Forster, A Room with a View
“Say 'provoking' again. Your mouth looks provocative when you do.” ― Becca Fitzpatrick, Hush, Hush
我喜欢你超过两分钟了，不可以撤回了。
“喂，把手伸出来” “干嘛？” “我想牵下女朋友的手”
“You here to finish me off, Sweetheart?” ― Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games
“‘你是不是喜欢我？’ 找出这句话中重复的字。”
“我一点不想你 但一点半想你了”
一直陪着我吧，不论以什么身份。
我是九你是三，除了你还是你。
“何以解忧，唯有暴……” “？嗯？” “唯有抱抱你。”
“You know what charm is: a way of getting the answer yes without having asked any clear question.” ― Albert Camus, The Fall
“你知道墙壁，眼睛，膝盖的英文怎么说吗？” “wall, eye, knee” “我也是，我爱你。”
被你赞过的朋友圈，叫甜甜圈。
“I can listen no longer in silence. I must speak to you by such means as are within my reach. You pierce my soul. I am half agony, half hope. Tell me not that I am too late, that such precious feelings are gone for ever. I offer myself to you again with a heart even more your own than when you almost broke it, eight years and a half ago. Dare not say that man forgets sooner than woman, that his love has an earlier death. I have loved none but you. Unjust I may have been, weak and resentful I have been, but never inconstant. You alone have brought me to Bath. For you alone, I think and plan. Have you not seen this? Can you fail to have understood my wishes? I had not waited even these ten days, could I have read your feelings, as I think you must have penetrated mine. I can hardly write. I am every instant hearing something which overpowers me. You sink your voice, but I can distinguish the tones of that voice when they would be lost on others. Too good, too excellent creature! You do us justice, indeed. You do believe that there is true attachment and constancy among men. Believe it to be most fervent, most undeviating, in F. W. I must go, uncertain of my fate; but I shall return hither, or follow your party, as soon as possible. A word, a look, will be enough to decide whether I enter your father's house this evening or never.” ― Jane Austen, Persuasion
“我带你去喝一种酒你绝对没喝过。” “什么酒啊？” “我们的喜酒~”
“Every great love starts with a great story...” ― Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook
“I stood still, vision blurring, and in that moment, I heard my heart break. It was a small, clean sound, like the snapping of a flower's stem.” ― Diana Gabaldon, Dragonfly in Amber
“既然你把我的心已经弄乱了，那你打算什么时候来弄乱，我的床？”
“And he took her in his arms and kissed her under the sunlit sky, and he cared not that they stood high upon the walls in the sight of many.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien
“I knew, in the silence that followed, that anything could happen here. It might be too late: again, I might have missed my chance. But I would at least know I tried, that I took my heart and extended my hand, whatever the outcome. "Okay," he said. He took a breath. "What would you do, if you could do anything?" I took a step toward him, closing the space between us. "This," I said. And then I kissed him.” ― Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever
你上辈子一定是碳酸饮料吧，为什么我一看到你就能开心的冒泡。
听闻先生治家有方，小女余生愿闻其详。
最近有谣言说我喜欢你，我要澄清一下，那不是谣言。
“I'm not sentimental--I'm as romantic as you are. The idea, you know, is that the sentimental person thinks things will last--the romantic person has a desperate confidence that they won't.” ― F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise
甜有 100 种方式，吃糖，蛋糕，还有每天 98 次的想你。
“你知道这道菜怎么吃最好吃吗？” “趁热吗？” “我喂你吃。”
“You could have fooled me. Everytime I called you, Luke said you were sick. I figured you were avoiding me. Again." "I wasn't. I did want to talk to you. I've been thinking about you all the time." "I've been thinking about you, too." "I really was sick. I swear. I almost died back there on the ship, you know." "I know. Everytime you almost die, I almost die myself.” ― Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes
“My soul will find yours.” ― Jude Deveraux, A Knight in Shining Armor
“衣服的扣子是拿来系上的 而不是你犯罪的工具”
“你近视吗？” “不近视啊！” “那你怎么看不出我喜欢你？”
“Peeta, how come I never know when you're having a nightmare?” I say. “I don't know. I don't think I cry out or thrash around or anything. I just come to, paralyzed with terror,” he says. “You should wake me,” I say, thinking about how I can interrupt his sleep two or three times on a bad night. About how long it can take to calm me down. “It's not necessary. My nightmares are usually about losing you,” he says. “I'm okay once I realize you're here.” ― Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire
“Come sleep with me: We won't make Love, Love will make us.” ― Julio Cortázar
“The heart is an arrow. It demands aim to land true.” ― Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows
“Sometimes I wonder if there's something wrong with me. Perhaps I've spent too long in the company of my literary romantic heroes, and consequently my ideals and expectations are far too high.” ― E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey
你今天特别讨厌，讨人喜欢和百看不厌。
只许州官放火，不许你离开我。
“The Very first moment I beheld him, my heart was irrevocably gone.” ― Jane Austen, Love and Friendship
“You’re dangerous,” he says. “Why?” “Because you make me believe in the impossible” ― Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction
“你知道你和星星有什么区别吗？星星在天上，你在我心里。”
“猜猜我的心在哪边？” “左边。” “错了，在你那边。”
天冷了，有什么事，到我被窝里说。
“我发现昨天很喜欢你，今天也很喜欢你，而且有预感明天也会喜欢你。”
“I wonder how many people don't get the one they want, but end up with the one they're supposed to be with.” ― Fannie Flagg, Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe
“I’ve been fighting to be who I am all my life. What’s the point of being who I am, if I can’t have the person who was worth all the fighting for?” ― Stephanie Lennox, I Don't Remember You
“我有点花心啊” “嗯？” “笨蛋，我把心都花在你身上了啊~”
“你猜我爱喝酒还是爱打王者。” “爱打王者吧？” “不，爱你。”
“When one is in love, one always begins by deceiving one's self, and one always ends by deceiving others. That is what the world calls a romance.” ― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray
从今以后我只能称呼你为您了，因为，你在我心上。
“My only love sprung from my only hate! Too early seen unknown, and known too late! Prodigious birth of love it is to me, That I must love a loathed enemy.” ― William Shakespeare
“I am not an angel,' I asserted; 'and I will not be one till I die: I will be myself. Mr. Rochester, you must neither expect nor exact anything celestial of me - for you will not get it, any more than I shall get it of you: which I do not at all anticipate.” ― Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre
“游乐园那个，可以骑在上面的有音乐的叫旋转什么？” “木马。“ “mua！”
我对你的爱， 就像拖拉机上山，轰轰烈烈。
“Romance is the glamour which turns the dust of everyday life into a golden haze. ” ― Elinor Glyn
“I'm about to make a wild, extreme and severe relationship rule: the word busy is a load of crap and is most often used by assholes. The word "busy" is the relationship Weapon of Mass Destruction. It seems like a good excuse, but in fact in every silo you uncover, all you're going to find is a man who didn't care enough to call. Remember men are never to busy to get what they want.” ― Greg Behrendt
我怀疑你的本质是一本书， 不然为什么让我越看越想睡？
“Sometimes when I'm alone, I take the pearl from where it lives in my pocket and try to remember the boy with the bread, the strong arms that warded off nightmares on the train, the kisses in the arena.” ― Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay
“When someone cries so hard that it hurts their throat, it is out of frustration or knowing that no matter what you can do or attempt to do can change the situation. When you feel like you need to cry, when you want to just get it out, relieve some of the pressure from the inside - that is true pain. Because no matter how hard you try or how bad you want to, you can't. That pain just stays in place. Then, if you are lucky, one small tear may escape from those eyes that water constantly. That one tear, that tiny, salty, droplet of moisture is a means of escape. Although it's just a small tear, it is the heaviest thing in the world. And it doesn't do a damn thing to fix anything.” ― Chase Brooks, Hello, My Love 2: First Love Deserves a Second Chance
“thus with a kiss I die” ― William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet
“So it’s true, when all is said and done, grief is the price we pay for love.” ― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,
“Sometimes you wake up from a dream. Sometimes you wake up in a dream. And sometimes, every once in a while, you wake up in someone else's dream. ” ― Richelle Mead, Succubus Blues
“我很能干但有一件事不会。” “什么？” “不会离开你。”
“In our time together, you claimed a special place in my heart, one I'll carry with me forever and that no one can ever replace.” ― Nicholas Sparks, Dear John
前半生到处浪荡，后半生为你煲汤。
“你知道你像什么人吗？” “什么人？” “我的女人”
“你眼瞎吗？撞我心口上了。”
“你累不累啊？” “不累。” “可是你都在我脑里跑了一天了”
“Moments, when lost, can't be found again. They're just gone.” ― Jenny Han, The Summer I Turned Pretty
“She wanted something else, something different, something more. Passion and romance, perhaps, or maybe quiet conversations in candlelit rooms, or perhaps something as simple as not being second.” ― Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook
“美好的事情你都用脸做到了”
“Romance is thinking about your significant other, when you are supposed to be thinking about something else.” ― nicholas sparks
“It's bullshit to think of friendship and romance as being different. They're not. They're just variations of the same love. Variations of the same desire to be close.” ― Rachel Cohn, Naomi and Ely's No Kiss List
近朱者赤，近你者甜
“When it comes to men who are romantically interested in you, it’s really simple. Just ignore everything they say and only pay attention to what they do.” ― Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture
“我觉得你这个人不适合谈恋爱。” “为什么？” “适合结婚。
莫文蔚的阴天，孙燕姿的雨天和周杰伦的晴天，都不如你和我聊天。
“面对你，我不仅善解人意，我还善解人衣。”
“I belong to my beloved, and my beloved is mine.” ― Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster
我生在南方，活在南方，栽在你手里，总算是去过不一样的地方
“He dug so deeply into her sentiments that in search of interest he found love, because by trying to make her love him he ended up falling in love with her. Petra Cotes, for her part, loved him more and more as she felt his love increasing, and that was how in the ripeness of autumn she began to believe once more in the youthful superstition that poverty was the servitude of love. Both looked back then on the wild revelry, the gaudy wealth, and the unbridled fornication as an annoyance and they lamented that it had cost them so much of their lives to find the paradise of shared solitude. Madly in love after so many years of sterile complicity, they enjoyed the miracle of living each other as much at the table as in bed, and they grew to be so happy that even when they were two worn-out people they kept on blooming like little children and playing together like dogs.” ― Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude
“The fact is, I love him. He's the boy I want and one day he'll be MINE.” ― Meg Cabot, Princess in Training
“Oh no. Don't smile. You'll kill me. I stop breathing when you smile.” ― Tessa Dare, A Lady of Persuasion
“Those sweet lips. My, oh my, I could kiss those lips all night long. Good things come to those who wait.” ― Jess C. Scott, The Intern
“你猜我什么星座。” “白羊？” “错，是为你量身定做。”
“这辈子就跟我在一起吧，不行的话我再等等，还不行的话我再想想别的办法。”
“Ye are Blood of my Blood, and Bone of my Bone, I give ye my Body, that we Two might be One. I give ye my Spirit, 'til our Life shall be Done.” ― Diana Gabaldon, Outlander
如果我丢了怎么办？ 报警就好了。 什么？ 抱紧我就好了
“你知道我为什么感冒了吗？” “因为着凉了？” “不，因为我对你完全没有抵抗力。”
“One can't fight with oneself, for this battle has only one loser.” ― Mario Vargas Llosa, Aunt Julia and the Scriptwriter
“我点的东西怎么还没来啊” “什么东西” “我们的未来啊”
“Perhaps, after all, romance did not come into one’s life with pomp and blare, like a gay knight riding down; perhaps it crept to one’s side like an old friend through quiet ways; perhaps it revealed itself in seeming prose, until some sudden shaft of illumination flung athwart its pages betrayed the rhythm and the music, perhaps . . . perhaps . . . love unfolded naturally out of a beautiful friendship, as a golden-hearted rose slipping from its green sheath.” ― L.M. Montgomery
“If you can capture a woman's imagination, then you will have her. But imagination is a strange creature. It needs time and distance to function properly.” ― Kathleen Tessaro
“你最近是不是又胖了？““没有啊，为什么这么说？ “那为什么，在我心里的分量越来越重了？
“你为什么要害我？” “害你什么？” “害我那么喜欢你！
“You are speaking of my future lover. Be more respectful.” ― Charlaine Harris, Club Dead
“You really love her don't you," she said. With all my heart." She looked as sad as I'd ever seen her. What's your heart telling you to do?" I don't know." Maybe", she said gently,"You're trying to hard to hear it.” ― Nicholas Sparks
别让我看见你，不然我见你一次就喜欢你一次。
“It is an absolute human certainty that no one can know his own beauty or perceive a sense of his own worth until it has been reflected back to him in the mirror of another loving, caring human being.” ― John Joseph Powell, The Secret of Staying in Love
立刻有=like you
“For never was a story of more woe than this of Juliet and her Romeo.” ― William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet
“If I die, I will wait for you, do you understand? No matter how long. I will watch from beyond to make sure you live every year you have to its fullest, and then we’ll have so much to talk about when I see you again… (Bones)” ― Jeaniene Frost
“我在找一匹马。” “什么马？” “你的微信号码。”
“He sighed. "The clouds I can handle. But I can't fight with an eclipse.” ― Stephenie Meyer, Eclipse
“我想买一块地。” “什么地？” “你的死心塌地。”
“I honestly have no idea how to live without you.” ― Stephenie Meyer, New Moon
“Love is a luxury." "No. Love is an element." An element. Like air to breathe, earth to stand on.” ― Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone
“你的脸上有点东西。” “有什么？” “有点漂亮。”
“Damn me to hell or take me to heaven, but for Gods sake, do it now....” ― Nora Roberts, The Stanislaski Brothers: Mikhail and Alex
“You wanted hearts and flowers,” he murmurs. I blink at him, not quite believing what I’m seeing. “You have my heart.” And he waves toward the room. “And here are the flowers,” I whisper, completing his sentence. “Christian, it’s lovely.” ― E.L. James, Fifty Shades Darker
“Oh, aye, Sassenach. I am your master . . . and you're mine. Seems I canna possess your soul without losing my own.” ― Diana Gabaldon, Outlander
“We all know him to be a proud, unpleasant sort of man; but this would be nothing if you really liked him.” ― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice
“Don't get your panties in such a twist... and give me back mine.” ― E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey
“Here's something else to think about: calling when you say you're going to is the very first brick in the house you are building of love and trust. If he can't lay this one stupid brick down, you ain't never gonna have a house baby, and it's cold outside.” ― Greg Behrendt, He's Just Not That Into You: The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys
“看着你 工作日的下午茶都要甜上几分”
不要抱怨，抱我。
“You always get more respect when you don't have a happy ending.” ― Julia Quinn
“我想吃碗面。” “什么面？” “你的心里面。”
“Does this mean you’re going to make love to me tonight, Christian?” Holy shit. Did I just say that? His mouth drops open slightly, but he recovers quickly. “No, Anastasia it doesn’t. Firstly, I don’t make love. I fuck… hard. Secondly, there’s a lot more paperwork to do, and thirdly, you don’t yet know what you’re in for. You could still run for the hills. Come, I want to show you my playroom.” My mouth drops open. Fuck hard! Holy shit, that sounds so… hot. But why are we looking at a playroom? I am mystified. “You want to play on your Xbox?” I ask. He laughs, loudly. “No, Anastasia, no Xbox, no Playstation. Come.”… Producing a key from his pocket, he unlocks yet another door and takes a deep breath. “You can leave anytime. The helicopter is on stand-by to take you whenever you want to go, you can stay the night and go home in the morning. It’s fine whatever you decide.” “Just open the damn door, Christian.” He opens the door and stands back to let me in. I gaze at him once more. I so want to know what’s in here. Taking a deep breath I walk in. And it feels like I’ve time-traveled back to the sixteenth century and the Spanish Inquisition. Holy fuck.” ― E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey
三十晚。窗外的鞭炮再响，都没有我想想你那么想。
“If a man wants you, nothing can keep him away. If he doesn't want you, nothing can make him stay.” ― Oprah Winfrey
“现在几点了？” “12 点。” “不，是我们幸福的起点。”
“Don't leave a piece of jewelry at his house so you can go back and get it later; he may be with his real girlfriend.” ― Amy Sedaris, I Like You: Hospitality Under the Influence
“我饮料都喝无糖的，你知道你适合喝什么糖的么？” “微糖吧。” “不对，是我的胸膛。”
“Falling for him would be like cliff diving. It would be either the most exhilarating thing that ever happened to me or the stupidest mistake I’d ever make.” ― Colleen Houck
“Romance novels are birthday cake and life is often peanut butter and jelly. I think everyone should have lots of delicious romance novels lying around for those times when the peanut butter of life gets stuck to the roof of your mouth.” ― Janet Evanovich
女孩，我十拿九稳只差你一吻。
“One day, when I am a braver man, I will tell her these things, and then I will look her in the eye tell her I love her and ask her to be only mine. But until that day, we're just friends.” ― Charlie Huston, Already Dead
“It is a long way to Ireland, Janet, and I am sorry to send my little friend on such weary travels: but if I can't do better, how is it to be helped? Are you anything akin to me, do you think, Jane?" I could risk no sort of answer by this time: my heart was still. "Because, he said, "I sometimes have a queer feeling with regard to you - especially when you are near me, as now: it is as if I had a string somewhere under my left ribs, tightly and inextricably knotted to a similar string situated in the corresponding quarter of your little frame. And if that boisterous channel, and two hundred miles or so of land some broad between us, I am afraid that cord of communion will be snapt; and then I've a nervous notion I should take to bleeding inwardly. As for you, - you'd forget me.” ― Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre
我可以不为别人难过，但你不是别人，你是我的人。
你有没有闻到什么烧焦的味道？那是我的心在燃烧。
“Let’s start with this statistic: You are delicious. Be brave, my sweet. I know you can get lonely. I know you can crave companionship and sex and love so badly that it physically hurts. But I truly believe that the only way you can find out that there’s something better out there is to first believe there’s something better out there. What other choice is there?” ― Greg Behrendt, He's Just Not That Into You
“Maybe the first time you saw her you were ten. She was standing in the sun scratching her legs. Or tracing letters in the dirt with a stick. Her hair was being pulled. Or she was pulling someone's hair. And a part of you was drawn to her, and a part of you resisted--wanting to ride off on your bicycle, kick a stone, remain uncomplicated. In the same breath you felt the strength of a man, and a self-pity that made you feel small and hurt. Part of you thought: Please don't look at me. If you don't, I can still turn away. And part of you thought: Look at me.” ― Nicole Krauss, The History of Love
“We kiss all the time." I clear my throat, then add, "We just...do it in private." "A smug expression crosses his face. "I don't buy it for a second, 'cause if you were my girlfriend and a stud like me was livin' in your house, I'd kiss you in front of the guy every chance I got as a reminder." "A reminder of w-w-what?" "That you were mine.” ― Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction
“你猜我想吃什么？” “不知道啊。” “痴痴地望着你。”
“I love that you get cold when it's 71 degrees out. I love that it takes you an hour and a half to order a sandwich. I love that you get a little crinkle above your nose when you're looking at me like I'm nuts. I love that after I spend the day with you, I can still smell your perfume on my clothes. And I love that you are the last person I want to talk to before I go to sleep at night. And it's not because I'm lonely, and it's not because it's New Year's Eve. I came here tonight because when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.” ― Nora Ephron, When Harry Met Sally
“Yes, I decided, a man can truly change. The events of the past year have taught me much about myself, and a few universal truths. I learned, for instance, that while wounds can be inflicted easily upon those we love, it's often much more difficult to heal them. Yet the process of healing those wounds provided the richest experience of my life, leading me to believe that while I've often overestimated what I could accomplish in a day, I had underestimated what I could do in a year. But most of all, I learned that it's possible for two people to fall in love all over again, even when there's been a lifetime of disappointment between them.” ― Nicholas Sparks, The Wedding
“No. No, I don't believe you'd betray me with her. I don't believe you'd cheat on me. But I'm afraid, and I'm sick in my heart that you might look at her, then at me. And regret.” ― J.D. Robb, Innocent in Death
这是我的手背，这是我的脚背，你是我的宝贝。
我的手被划了一道口子你也划一下， 这样我们就是两口子了。
“你闻到什么味道了吗？” “没有啊。” “怎么你一出来空都是甜的了。”
“Kissing - and I mean like, yummy, smacking kissing - is the most delicious, most beautiful and passionate thing that two people can do, bar none. Better than sex, hands down.” ― Drew Barrymore
“你是心你是肝你是我的四分之三”
“你是哪里人？” “杭州人。” “不，你是我的心上人。”
“你能不能闭嘴？” “我没有说话啊！” “那为什么我满脑子都是你的声音？
“别人都说你的脸很圆，但我觉得你的脸还蛮方的。” “为什么？” “不然怎么那么正。”
每天只想和你做四件事——一日三餐
既然你把我的心已经弄乱了，那你打算什么时候来弄乱我的床？
情话都是学来的，但爱你是真的
有些事不用在一晚内做完的，我们又不赶时间，可以每晚都做一做
“Isn't it funny how the memories you cherish before a breakup can become your worst enemies afterwards? The thoughts you loved to think about, the memories you wanted to hold up to the light and view from every angle--it suddenly seems a lot safer to lock them in a box, far from the light of day and throw away the key. It's not an act of bitterness. It's an act if self-preservation. It's not always a bad idea to stay behind the window and look out at life instead, is it?” ― Allyson Braithwaite Condie, First Day
“Only love of a good woman will make a man question every choice, every action. Only love makes a warrior hesitate for fear that his lady will find him cruel. Only love makes a man both the best he will ever be, and the weakest. Sometimes all in the same moment. -Wicked ” ― Laurell K. Hamilton
“And,” Annabeth continued, “it reminds me how long we’ve known each other. We were twelve, Percy. Can you believe that?” “No, he admitted. “So…you knew you liked me from that moment?” She smirked. “I hated you at first. You annoyed me. Then I tolerated you for a few years. Then—” “Okay, fine.” She leaned in and kissed: him a good, proper kiss without anyone watching—no Romans anywhere, no screaming satyr chaperones. She pulled away. “I missed you, Percy.” Percy wanted to tell her the same thing, but it seemed too small a comment. While he had been on the Roman side, he’d kept himself alive almost solely by thinking of Annabeth. I missed you didn’t really cover that.” ― Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena
人生呐，最美好的两件事，就是睡你——睡觉，和你
我发现昨天很喜欢你，今天也很喜欢你，而且有预感明天也会喜欢你
我的身体24小时都营业，只等待你的进入
没有你，就像热干面没有芝麻酱，毫无滋味
你的酒窝没有酒，我却醉的像条狗
“If I let myself love you, I won't throw myself in front of her. I'll throw myself in front of you.” ― Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy
“Nerd girls are the world’s most underutilized romantic resource. And guys, do not tell me that nerd girls are not hot because that shows a Paris Hilton-esque failure to understand hotness.” ― John Green
“What you are is a fucking tragedy, Simon Snow. You literally couldn't be a bigger mess." He tries to kiss me, but I pull back- "And you like that?" "I love it." He says "Why?" "Because we match.” ― Rainbow Rowell, Carry On
零食你随便吃，胖了的话我们一起做运动减肥。
“I'd love to, she finally said,"on one condition." I steadied myself, hoping it wasn't something too awful. "Yes?" "You have to promise that you won't fall in love with me." I knew she was kidding me by the way she laughed, and I couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief. Sometimes, I had to admit, Jamie had a pretty good sense of humor. I smiled and gave her my word.” ― Nicholas Sparks
说不出你哪里好，就是想看你洗澡。
我心里装的怀里抱的身下压的都是你
我觉得这个点不睡觉的人，不是准备运动，就是运动完了的。
“There is a time for everything, and a season for every activity under heaven: a time to be born and a time to die, a time to plant and a time to uproot, a time to kill and a time to heal, a time to tear down and a time to build, a time to weep and a time to laugh, a time to mourn and a time to dance, a time to scatter stones and a time to gather them, a time to embrace and a time to refrain, a time to search and a time to give up, a time to keep and a time to throw away, a time to tear and a time to mend, a time to be silent and a time to speak, a time to love and a time to hate, a time for war and a time for peace. (Ecclesiastes 3:1-8, NIV)” ― Anonymous, Study Bible: NIV
“Ever since I’ve met you, I’ve wanted to break every rule.” Aiden turned away, the muscles in his neck tensing. He sighed. “You’ll become the centre of someone’s world one day. And he’ll be the luckiest son of a bitch on this earth.” ― Jennifer L. Armentrout, Pure
我们吵一架吧，我让你看看，我是怎么顶撞你的。
你好，我们可以互相了解下吗?你知我长短，我知你深浅的那种。
“Don't kiss me like a woman if you're going to treat me like a child.” ― Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave
有些事不用在一晚内做完，我们又不赶时间，可以每晚都做一做。
我想送你很多很多口红，让你每天还我一点
“Some people claim that marriage interferes with romance. There's no doubt about it. Anytime you have a romance, your wife is bound to interfere.” ― Groucho Marx
想在你身上做，春天对樱桃树做的事。
别的人只想和你上床，我不一样，沙发、厨房、阳台都可以。
“I felt like an animal, and animals don’t know sin, do they?” ― Jess C. Scott, Wicked Lovely
“My heart only ever had one thought, one want. One need. Despite all, in spite of all...All my heart has ever wanted is you.” ― Stephanie Laurens, The Edge of Desire
“Do you want to know why men name their penis? So the most important decisions in their life aren't made by a stranger.” ― Linda Howard, After the Night
你的眼里印着星辰我听见神说在劫难逃。
“Every woman wants a man who'll fall in love with her soul as well as her body.” ― Rainbow Rowell, Attachments
“To fall in love with God is the greatest romance; to seek him the greatest adventure; to find him, the greatest human achievement.” ― St. Augustine of Hippo
“What about when someone doesn't need a shoulder? What if they need the arms?” ― Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower
我连流眼泪都不想让你看到，你又怎么可能明白我有多喜欢你。
“Why do people always assume that volume will succeed when logic won’t? - Damon” ― L.J. Smith, Nightfall
今夜星高月朗适合与我相爱一场。
铁马是你，冰河是你，而我，想做梦来。
我心里装的怀里抱的身下压的都是你。
说不上你哪里好，就是想看你洗澡。
想在你身上做，春天对樱桃树做的事。
只想每天和你四件事，一日三餐。
我就是想这一辈子占有你，连雨拍打在你身上我都嫉妒。
想起你素白的颈，以及裙下的蝴蝶骨，你是我此生唯一的下流。
“Well, that depends, I suppose. I heard someone once say that men dance the same way they have sex. So, if you want everyone here to think you're the kind of guy who just sits around and—" He stood up. "Let's dance.” ― Richelle Mead, Succubus Blues
分不清宠爱和占有。只是想在睡前与你缠绵，深深吻你，睡梦中也紧抱着你。
“You don’t take away my choices. You are my choice.” ― Colleen Houck
我虎牙有点尖，你得忍忍。
“You picked a lemon, throw it away lemonade is overrated. Freaks should remain at the circus, not in your apartment. You already have one asshole. You don’t need another. Make a space in your life for the glorious things you deserve. Have faith.” ― Greg Behrendt , He's Just Not That Into You: The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys
“You were just worried about me." An exhale, relieved that I had understood. "Yeah" I turned. "Because you think I'm worth it" He put his fingers under my chin. "I absolutely think your worth it." "But you don't think you are." His mouth opened. Shut. "That's what this is about, Derek. You won't let us worry about you because you don't think you're worth it. But I do. I absolutely do.” ― Kelley Armstrong, The Reckoning
虽然我高数不及格，但我能在两秒之内解开你。
我想你时我不会给你发短信，因为你听不到我的声音，我想你时我更不会给你打电话，那样见不到我，我想你了我会直接跑去见你，去拥抱你吻你扒光你爱抚你，就是不上你。
我还是很爱你，你跟我在一起多久，我就要跟你在床上承欢多久。
你和所有的前任比起来，他们不过是前戏，你才是我想要的高潮
“But ... but what if I hit you?” A snort. “You’re not going to hit me.” “How do you know?” I bristled at his amused tone. “I could hit you. Even master swordsmen make mistakes. I could get a lucky shot, or you might not see me coming. I don’t want to hurt you.” He favored me with another patient look. “And how much experience do you have with swords and weapons in general?” “Um.” I glanced down at the saber in my hand. “Thirty seconds?” He smiled, that calm, irritatingly confident smirk. “You’re not going to hit me.” ― Julie Kagawa, The Iron Queen
“To be rejected by someone doesn't mean you should also reject yourself or that you should think of yourself as a lesser person. It doesn't mean that nobody will ever love you anymore. Remember that only ONE person has rejected you at the moment, and it only hurt so much because to you, that person's opinion symbolized the opinion of the whole world, of God.” ― Jocelyn Soriano, Mend My Broken Heart
你是甜筒吗？为什么我想舔遍你全身
“He did not care if she was heartless, vicious and vulgar, stupid and grasping, he loved her. He would rather have misery with one than happiness with the other.” ― W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage
“I have tried to let you go and I cannot. I cannot stop thinking of you. I cannot stop dreaming about you.” ― Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus
我想在老的时候，吻你光光的牙床
我想你一定很忙，所以只看前三个字就好啦
想送你很多很多口红，让你每天还我一点点
今天我想你想的，连续换了五条小内裤
我有笔好几亿的生意，想和你谈谈
“Memories were fine but you couldn't touch them, smell them or hold them. They were never exactly as the moment was, and they faded with time.” ― Cecelia Ahern
“Carpe Scrotum. Seize life by the testicles” ― Rowena Cherry, Knight's Fork
传闻人有206根骨头，一遇见你呀，我就有207根啦
“What if you find your soul mate... at the wrong time?” ― Lauren Kate, Passion
“It's only terrible to have nothing to wait for.” ― Erich Maria Remarque, Three Comrades
“She is all the great heroines of the world in one. She is more than an individual. I love her, and I must make her love me. I want to make Romeo jealous. I want the dead lovers of the world to hear our laughter, and grow sad. I want a breath of our passion to stir dust into consciousness, to wake their ashes into pain. ” ― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray
只有70件事最令我开心，一件是你，一件是69
你说「好想有个完全属于自己的空间啊！」却没注意到我早已为你腾空心房，面积虽小，冷暖可调，租期你定，眼神解锁，费用「一次心动」，欢迎拎包入住。
人的一生会遇到两个人，一个惊艳了时光，一个温柔了岁月。 —— 苏剧 《经年》
“I feel good with my husband: I like his warmth and his bigness and his being-there and his making and his jokes and stories and what he reads and how he likes fishing and walks and pigs and foxes and little animals and is honest and not vain or fame-crazy and how he shows his gladness for what I cook him and joy for when I make him something, a poem or a cake, and how he is troubled when I am unhappy and wants to do anything so I can fight out my soul-battles and grow up with courage and a philosophical ease. I love his good smell and his body that fits with mine as if they were made in the same body-shop to do just that. What is only pieces, doled out here and there to this boy and that boy, that made me like pieces of them, is all jammed together in my husband. So I don't want to look around any more: I don't need to look around for anything.” ― Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath
“You sneaked into my cabin?” Annabeth rolled her eyes. “Percy, you’ll be seventeen in two months. You can’t seriously be worried about getting in trouble with Coach Hedge.” “Uh, have you seen his baseball bat?” “Besides, Seaweed Brain, I just thought we could take a walk. We haven’t had any time to be together alone. I want to show you something—my favorite place aboard the ship.” Percy’s pulse was still in overdrive, but it wasn’t from fear of getting in trouble. “Can I, you know, brush my teeth first?” “You'd better,” Annabeth said. “Because I’m not kissing you until you do. And brush your hair while you’re at it.” ― Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena
“She smiled, and her eyes started to drift downward. "Cather..." Back up to his eyes. "You know that I'm falling in love with you, right?” ― Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl
“When you loved someone and had to let them go, there will always be that small part of yourself that whispers, "What was it that you wanted and why didn't you fight for it?” ― Shannon L. Alder
“I seem to have run in a great circle, and met myself again on the starting line.” ― Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit
我想，在这个世界上，虽然没有最美好的相遇，但却应该有为了相遇或者重逢，所做的最美好的努力。 —— 勒・克莱齐奥 《流浪的星星》
喜欢和爱是不一样的，如果你喜欢一朵花，你会摘下它。如果你爱一朵花，你会给它浇水。
“what a luxury it was for people to hold their loved ones whenever they wanted” ― Cecelia Ahern, P.S. I Love You
“Oh, Lizzy! do anything rather than marry without affection.” ― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice
“Stay with me. Always.” ― Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay
“So I placed my heart under lock and key To take some time, and take care of me But I turn around and you're standing here” ― Deborah Cox
“I don't think we get a choice in who we fall for," Ian whispers. "I think we just do.” ― Jodi Picoult, Keeping Faith
“He was contemplation and enthusiasm. Ambition and strong coffee. I could have looked at him forever.” ― E. Lockhart, We Were Liars
“Falling in love is very real, but I used to shake my head when people talked about soul mates, poor deluded individuals grasping at some supernatural ideal not intended for mortals but sounded pretty in a poetry book. Then, we met, and everything changed, the cynic has become the converted, the sceptic, an ardent zealot.” ― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,
你是我的可遇不可求，可遇不可留，可遇不可有。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
“You have no idea how much the last few days have meant to me," I began. "Meeting you has been the best thing that's ever happened to me." I hesitated, know that if I stopped now, I'd never be able to say it to anyone. "I love you," I whispered. "Did you ever imagine something like this?" she wondered aloud. "You and me , I mean?" "No," I said. "It scares me a little." My stomach flipped, and all at once, I was sure she didnt feel the same way. "You dont have to say it back to me," I began. "That's not why I said it--" "I know," she interrupted. "You don't understand. I wasnt scared because you told me. I got scared because I wanted to say it, too: I love you, John.” ― Nicholas Sparks, Dear John
“Just because I'm not forever by your side doesn't mean that's not precisely where I want to be.” ― Stephanie Laurens, A Rogue's Proposal
如果时光可以倒流，我还是会选择认识你，虽然会伤痕累累，但是心中的温暖记忆是谁都无法给予的。谢谢你来过我的世界。 —— 绿川幸 《萤火之森》
人间困苦历尽，还未泯灭希望。 哪怕长夜漆黑，也将升起太阳。 《悲惨世界》
“your hand touching mine. this is how galaxies collide.” ― Sanober Khan
入我相思门，知我相思苦，长相思兮长相忆，短相思兮无穷极。 —— 李白 《三五七言》
刚刚好，看见你幸福的样子，于是幸福着你的幸福。
“Statistically speaking, there is a 65 percent chance that the love of your life is having an affair. Be very suspicious.” ― Scott Dikkers, You Are Worthless: Depressing Nuggets of Wisdom Sure to Ruin Your Day
对所有事情降低期待，所遇皆惊喜。
“V-Day…if you need this one day in a year to show everyone else you truly care for “your loved one” I think it’s quite stupid. I hate this commercialism. It’s all artificial, and has nothing to do with real love.” ― Jess C Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel
“Blood of my Blood," he whispered, "and bone of my bone. You carry me within ye, Claire, and ye canna leave me now, no matter what happens, You are mine, always, if ye will it or no, if ye want me or nay. Mine, and I wilna let ye go.” ― Diana Gabaldon , Dragonfly in Amber
一花一世界，一叶一追寻。一曲一场叹，一生为一人。 —— 威廉・布莱克 《天真的预言》
“You're supposed to say, 'All I want is your happiness. I'll do whatever it takes, even if it means being without you.'" "Sorry," Noah said. "I'm just not that big of a person.” ― Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer
“The first time he'd held her hand, it felt so good that it crowded out all the bad things. It felt better than anything had ever hurt.” ― Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park
有人住高楼，有人在深沟，有人光万丈，有人一身锈，世人万千种，浮云莫去求，斯人若彩虹，遇上方知有。 —— 文德琳・范・德拉安南 《怦然心动》
我只希望被爱，不会主动去爱别人，我要尽量控制自己不去喜欢别人，因为对方也喜欢自己的概率很低。 —— 坂元裕二 《四重奏》
“Things work out the way they're meant to” ― Danielle Steel, No Greater Love
“The fact is…I’m in love with you, and I have been for some time.” ― Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse
你本无意穿堂风，偏偏孤倨引山洪。
“The letter had been crumpled up and tossed onto the grate. It had burned all around the edges, so the names at the top and bottom had gone up in smoke. But there was enough of the bold black scrawl to reveal that it had indeed been a love letter. And as Hannah read the singed and half-destroyed parchment, she was forced to turn away to hide the trembling of her hand. —should warn you that this letter will not be eloquent. However, it will be sincere, especially in light of the fact that you will never read it. I have felt these words like a weight in my chest, until I find myself amazed that a heart can go on beating under such a burden. I love you. I love you desperately, violently, tenderly, completely. I want you in ways that I know you would find shocking. My love, you don't belong with a man like me. In the past I've done things you wouldn't approve of, and I've done them ten times over. I have led a life of immoderate sin. As it turns out, I'm just as immoderate in love. Worse, in fact. I want to kiss every soft place of you, make you blush and faint, pleasure you until you weep, and dry every tear with my lips. If you only knew how I crave the taste of you. I want to take you in my hands and mouth and feast on you. I want to drink wine and honey from you. I want you under me. On your back. I'm sorry. You deserve more respect than that. But I can't stop thinking of it. Your arms and legs around me. Your mouth, open for my kisses. I need too much of you. A lifetime of nights spent between your thighs wouldn't be enough. I want to talk with you forever. I remember every word you've ever said to me. If only I could visit you as a foreigner goes into a new country, learn the language of you, wander past all borders into every private and secret place, I would stay forever. I would become a citizen of you. You would say it's too soon to feel this way. You would ask how I could be so certain. But some things can't be measured by time. Ask me an hour from now. Ask me a month from now. A year, ten years, a lifetime. The way I love you will outlast every calendar, clock, and every toll of every bell that will ever be cast. If only you— And there it stopped.” ― Lisa Kleypas, A Wallflower Christmas
我不等你谁等你 我不等你我等谁 你不等我我等你 —— 北川理惠 《三行情书》
“Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.” ― William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet
愿你如愿遇到命中的缘分，不早也不晚，不急也不缓。 《一禅小和尚》
“When you find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of hot, who calls you back when you hang up on him, who will stand in front of you when other’s cast stones, or will stay awake just to watch you sleep, who wants to show you off to the world when you are in sweats, who will hold your hand when your sick, who thinks your pretty without makeup, the one who turns to his friends and say, ‘that’s her’, the one that would bear your rejection because losing you means losing his will to live, who kisses you when you screw up, watches the stars and names one for you and will hold and rock that baby for hours so you can sleep…..you marry him all over again.” ― Shannon Alder
人们总说，时间会抹去一切的创伤，总有一天你会将痛苦遗忘，然后好起来。可不会的，有的痛永远忘不掉，有些伤永远不会好。 《白色橄榄树》
“That's the choice. I love him, with all that, because of all that. On purpose. I love him on purpose.” ― Casey McQuiston, Red, White & Royal Blue
“لن يعترف حتى لنفسه بأنه خسرها. سيدّعي أنها من خسرته، وأنه من أراد لهما فراقًا قاطعًا كضربة سيف، فهو يفضّل على حضورها غيابًا طويلًا، وعلى المتع الصغيرة ألمًا كبيرًا، وعلى الانقطاع المتكرر قطيعة حاسمة.” ― أحلام مستغانمي, الأسود يليق بك
“I require three things in a man: he must be handsome, ruthless, and stupid.” ― Dorothy Parker
你不要烦我，也不要烦你自己，放下心来吧，因为世间没有你不愿施加的痛苦，也没有你不愿接受的快乐。 —— 王尔德 《渔夫和他的灵魂》
“Like some wines our love could neither mature nor travel.” ― Graham Greene, The Comedians
如果你给我的，和你给别人的是一样的，那我就不要了。
“He is my world and my world is him and without him there is no world.” ― Lauren Oliver, Delirium
愿你能因为某个人的出现而让世界丰盈，愿你的生活如同贺卡上烫金的祝辞欢脱，愿这悠长岁月温柔安好，有回忆煮酒，愿你没有软肋，也不需要铠甲，愿我们和爱的人一起浪费人生，热泪盈眶，长生不老。我与世界只差一个你，因为是你，晚一点没关系。 —— 张皓宸 《我与世界只差一个你》
“You're a hero and a gentleman, you're kind and honest, but more than that, you're the first man I ever truly loved. And no matter what the future brings, you always will be, and I know that my life is better for it.” ― Nicholas Sparks, Dear John
如果再也不能见到你，祝你早安，午安，晚安。 《楚门的世界》
“There are three possible parts to a date, of which at least two must be offered: entertainment, food, and affection. It is customary to begin a series of dates with a great deal of entertainment, a moderate amount of food, and the merest suggestion of affection. As the amount of affection increases, the entertainment can be reduced proportionately. When the affection IS the entertainment, we no longer call it dating. Under no circumstances can the food be omitted.” ― Judith Martin
少说一句，怕成遗憾；多说一句，怕是惊扰。我喜欢你，四个字，刚好。
“That's when you know for sure somebody loves you. They figure out what you need and they give it to you -- without you asking.” ― Adriana Trigiani, Very Valentine
“Time will make it worse! You're...the other half of his soul. He's never going to get over you. And no matter how much you hope that you will... you'll never get over him. You're going to wake up one day and realize what you've done, and you're going to regret the time you wasted apart from him for the rest of your life.” ― Jamie McGuire, Providence
时光总有一天会将你我拆散，可是即便如此，在那个时刻之前，也让我们在一起吧。 《萤火之森》
和一些人的关系像平行线，一辈子相守相望，见于眼底藏于心间。就怕耐不住寂寞，冲动而成了相交线，在一个点尽情拥抱，从此便离得越来越远，再也不见。 —— 刘同 《你的孤独，虽败犹荣》
“No problem," Gale replies. "I wake up ten times a night anyway." "To make sure Katniss is still here?" asks Peeta. "Something like that,"... "That was funny, what Tigris said. About no one knowing what to do with her." "Well, WE never have,"... "She loves you, you know," says Peeta. "She as good as told me after they whipped you." "Don't believe it,"Gale answers. "The way she kissed you in the Quarter Quell...well she never kissed me like that." "It was just part of the show," Peeta tells him, although there's an edge of doubt in his voice. "No, you won her over. Gave up everything for her. Maybe that's the only way to convince her you love her." There's a long pause. "I should have volunteered to take your place in the first Games. Protected her then." "You couldn't," says Peeta. "She'd never have forgiven you. You had to take care of her family. They matter more to her than her life." ... "I wonder how she'll make up her mind." "Oh, that I do know." I can just catch Gale's last words through the layer of fur. "Katniss will pick whoever she thinks she can't survive without” ― Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay
妈妈说，人最好不要错过两样东西：最后一班回家的车和一个深爱你的人。 —— 独木舟 《深海里的星星》
有时候，人就是这么奇怪，受了天大的委屈都不会吭声，但听到安慰的话，往往泣不成声，那些硬生生憋回去的眼泪，往往受不了一句简单的安慰。 《网易云热评》
“Have I told you how hideous you look tonight?” Cardan asks, leaning back in the elaborately carved chair, the warmth of his words turning the question into something like a compliment. “No” I say, glad to be annoyed back into the present. “Tell me.” "I can't.” ― Holly Black, The Cruel Prince
“He's still looking in my eyes. Staring me down like he did that dragon, chin tilted and locked. "I'm not the Chosen One," he says. I meet his gaze and sneer. My arm is a steel band around his waist. "I choose you," I say. "Simon Snow, I choose you.” ― Rainbow Rowell, Carry On
“Annabeth,” he said hesitantly, “in New Rome, demigods can live their whole lives in peace.” Her expression turned guarded. “Reyna explained it to me. But, Percy, you belong at Camp Half-Blood. That other life—” “I know,” Percy said. “But while I was there, I saw so many demigods living without fear: kids going to college, couples getting married and raising families. There’s nothing like that at Camp Half-Blood. I kept thinking about you and me…and maybe someday when this war with the giants is over…” It was hard to tell in the golden light, but he thought Annabeth was blushing. “Oh,” she said… “I’m sorry,” he said. “I just…I had to think of that to keep going. To give me hope. Forget I mentioned—” “No!” she said. “Gods, Percy, that’s so sweet.” ― Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena
“We ruined each other by being together. We destroyed each other’s dreams.” ― Kate Chisman, Run
你就像黑夜，拥有寂寞与群星。 你的沉默就是星星的沉默，遥远而明亮。 —— 聂鲁达 《我喜欢你是寂静的》
很多事情不能自己掌控，即使再孤单再寂寞，仍要继续走下去，不许停也不能回头。 —— 宫崎骏 《千语千寻》
我的人生实在太有限了，不可能对谁都亲切。 —— 村上春树 《国境以南，太阳以西》
“Because you are the superhero fledgling. I’m just your more attractive sidekick. Oh, and the herd of nerds are your dorky minions.” ― P.C. Cast, Untamed
“若能避开猛烈的狂喜，自然不会有悲矜来袭。” “可若对象是你，我选择不闪不避。” -- —— 荒川黛 《教授，抑制剂要吗》
我一生中最幸运的两件事：一件是时间终于将我对你的爱消耗殆尽；一件是很久很久以前有一天，我遇见你。
“I get in that kind of situation all the time, Comrade. It's not a big deal." Anger replaced my fear. I didn't like being treated like a child. "Stop calling me that. You don't even know what you're talking about." "Sure I do. I had to do a report on the R.S.S.R. last year.” ― Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy
“There is a desire within each of us, in the deep center of ourselves that we call our heart. We were born with it, it is never completely satisfied, and it never dies. We are often unaware of it, but it is always awake. It is the Human desire for Love. Every person in this Earth yearns to love, to be loved, to know love. Our true identity, our reason for being is to be found in this desire. Love is the "why" of life, why we are functioning at all. I am convinced it is the fundamental energy of the human spirit. the fuel on which we run, the wellspring of our vitality. And grace, which is the flowing, creative activity, of love itself, is what makes all goodness possible. Love should come first, it should be the beginning of, and the reason for everything.” ― Gerald May, Living in Love
“Love is too precious to be ashamed of.” ― Laurell K. Hamilton, A Stroke of Midnight
“It was the nicest thing she could imagine. It made her want to have his babies and give him both of her kidneys.” ― Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park
“Yes, I understand why things had to happen this way. I understand his reason for causing me pain. But mere understanding does not chase away the hurt. It does not call upon the sun when dark clouds have loomed over me. Let the rain come then if it must come! And let it wash away the dust that hurt my eyes!” ― Jocelyn Soriano, Mend My Broken Heart
于千万人之中遇见你所要遇见的人，于千万年之中，时间的无涯的荒野里，没有早一步，也没有晚一步，刚巧赶上了，那也没有别的话可说，惟有轻轻地问一声：“噢，你也在这里吗？” —— 张爱玲 《爱》
“I decided to find you, throw myself at your feet, and beg you to have mercy on me. Honestly, I’ll accept whatever you choose, Kelsey. Just don’t ask me to live apart from you again. Because...I can’t.” ― Colleen Houck, Tiger's Quest
“Romance takes place in the middle distance. Romance is looking in at yourself through a window clouded with dew. Romance means leaving things out: where life grunts and shuffles, romance only sighs.” ― Margaret Atwood
“It would be mortifying to the feelings of many ladies, could they be made to understand how little the heart of a man is affected by what is costly or new in their attire... Woman is fine for her own satisfaction alone. No man will admire her the more, no woman will like her the better for it. Neatness and fashion are enough for the former, and a something of shabbiness or impropriety will be most endearing to the latter.” ― Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey
“And then there are the rare ones who know love, who understand it. Who freely give of themselves, demanding only a return of that love,that trust.” ― Kim Harrison, Every Which Way But Dead
没有一个人是禁得起分析的，能够试着了解，已是不容易了。 —— 三毛 《亲爱的三毛》
月色与雪色之间，你是第三种绝色。 —— 余光中 《绝色(诗歌)》
“Relationships are all about trust and equality. If one person shares, then the other person should share, too.” ― Sophie Kinsella , Can You Keep a Secret?
我将在茫茫人海中寻访我唯一之灵魂伴侣。得之，我幸；不得，我命。
喜欢看书的人善于隐藏真实的自己。隐藏自我的人未必喜欢自己。 —— 安德烈・艾席蒙 《请以你的名字呼唤我》
“I’ve become skeptical of the unwritten rule that just because a boy and girl appear in the same feature, a romance must ensue. Rather, I want to portray a slightly different relationship, one where the two mutually inspire each other to live - if I’m able to, then perhaps I’ll be closer to portraying a true expression of love.” ― Hayao Miyazaki
“And yes, I’ll admit, I am jealous. I’m jealous of every minute you spend with him, of every concerned expression you send his way, of every tear shed, of every glance, every touch, and every thought. I want to rip him to pieces and purge him from your mind and from your heart. But I can’t.” ― Colleen Houck
时间决定你会在生命中遇见谁，你的心决定你想要谁出现在你的生命里，而你的行为决定最后谁能留下。 —— 梭罗 《瓦尔登湖》
喜欢就会放肆，但爱就是克制。 —— 韩寒 《后会无期(韩寒电影)》
他还太年轻，尚不知道回忆总是会抹去坏的，夸大好的，也正是由于这种玄妙，我们才得以承担过去的重负。 —— 加西亚・马尔克斯 《霍乱时期的爱情》
你之所以感到孤独，并不是没有人关心你，而是你在乎的那个人没有关心你。
不乱于心，不困于情。不畏将来，不念过往。如此，安好。
“如果下雨了，你愿意留下吗？” “即使不下雨，我也在这里啊。” —— 新海诚 《言叶之庭》
一生至少该有一次为了某个人而忘了自己。不求有结果，不求同行，不求曾经拥有，甚至不求你爱我，只求在我最美的年华里遇到你。
“We stood there, looking at each other, saying nothing. But it was the kind of nothing that meant everything. In his eyes, there was no trace of what had happened between us earlier and I could feel something inside me break. So that was that. We were finally, finally over. I looked at him, and I felt so sad, because this thought occurred to me: 'I will never look at you the same way again. I'll never be that girl again. The girl who comes running back every time you push her away, the girl who loves you anyway.' I couldn’t even be mad at him, because this was who he was. This was who he’d always been. He’d never lied about that. He gave and then he took away. I felt it in the pit of my stomach, the familiar ache, that lost, regretful feeling only he could give me. I never wanted to feel it again. Never, ever. Maybe this was why I came, so I could really know. So I could say good-bye. I looked at him, and I thought, 'If I was very brave or very honest, I would tell him.' I would say it, so he would know it and I would know it, and I could never take it back. But I wasn’t that brave or honest, so all I did was look at him. And I think he knew anyway. 'I release you. I evict you from my heart. Because if I don't do it now, I never will.' I was the one to look away first.” ― Jenny Han, It's Not Summer Without You
生为冰山，就该淡淡地爱海流、爱风，并且在偶然接触时，全心全意地爱另一块冰山。 —— 王小波 《似水柔情》
“But love, I’ve come to understand, is more than three words mumbled before bedtime. Love is sustained by action, a pattern of devotion in the things we do for each other every day.” ― Nicholas Sparks, The Wedding
你的眉目笑语使我病了一场，热势退尽，还我寂寞的健康。 —— 木心 《眉目》
我一生中最幸运的两件事： 一件是时间终于将我对你的爱消耗殆尽； 一件是很久很久以前有一天，我遇见你。 —— 顾漫 《非我倾城》
努力想得到什么东西，其实只要沉着镇静、实事求是，就可以轻易地、神不知鬼不觉地达到目的。而如果过于使劲，闹得太凶，太幼稚，太没有经验，就哭啊，抓啊，拉啊，像一个小孩扯桌布，结果却是一无所获，只不过把桌上的好东西都扯到地上，永远也得不到了。努力不是使蛮力，而是细水流长。 —— 卡夫卡 《城堡》
爱不是相互凝望， 而是朝同一个方向看去。 —— 圣埃克苏佩里 《小王子》
总有一天，会有一个人，看你写过的所有状态，读完写的所有微博，看你从小到大的所有照片，甚至去别的地方寻找关于你的信息，试着听你听的歌，走你走过的地方，看你喜欢看的书，品尝你总是大呼好吃的东西……只是想弥补上，你的青春。
“My head’ll explode if I continue with this escapism.” ― Jess C Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel
“Cut the ending. Revise the script. The man of her dreams is a girl.” ― Julie Anne Peters, Keeping You a Secret
“That night when you kissed me, I left a poem in your mouth, and you can hear some of the lines every time you breathe out.” ― Andrea Gibson
“He was now in that state of fire that she loved. She wanted to be burnt.” ― Anaïs Nin, Delta of Venus
“By you, I am forever undone.” ― Holly Black, The Queen of Nothing
如果你爱上了某个星球的一朵花。那么，只要在夜晚仰望星空，就会觉得漫天的繁星就像一朵朵盛开的花。 —— 安东尼・德・圣-埃克苏佩里 《小王子》
失去的东西，其实从来未曾真正地属于你，也不必惋惜。 —— 亦舒 《玫瑰的故事》
“I hug him tightly. “I can’t imagine my life without you, Christian. I love you so much it frightens me.” “Me, too,” he breathes. “My life would be empty without you. I love you so much.” ― E.L. James, Fifty Shades Darker
好的爱情是你通过一个人看到整个世界，坏的爱情是你为了一个人舍弃世界。 《两小无猜》
“Peeta,” I say lightly. “You said at the interview you’d had a crush on me forever. When did forever start?” “Oh, let’s see. I guess the first day of school. We were five. You had on a red plaid dress and your hair... it was in two braids instead of one. My father pointed you out when we were waiting to line up,” Peeta says. “Your father? Why?” I ask. “He said, ‘See that little girl? I wanted to marry her mother, but she ran off with a coal miner,’” Peeta says. “What? You’re making that up!” I exclaim. “No, true story,” Peeta says. “And I said, ‘A coal miner? Why did she want a coal miner if she could’ve had you?’ And he said, ‘Because when he sings... even the birds stop to listen.’” “That’s true. They do. I mean, they did,” I say. I’m stunned and surprisingly moved, thinking of the baker telling this to Peeta. It strikes me that my own reluctance to sing, my own dismissal of music might not really be that I think it’s a waste of time. It might be because it reminds me too much of my father. “So that day, in music assembly, the teacher asked who knew the valley song. Your hand shot right up in the air. She stood you up on a stool and had you sing it for us. And I swear, every bird outside the windows fell silent,” Peeta says. “Oh, please,” I say, laughing. “No, it happened. And right when your song ended, I knew—just like your mother—I was a goner,” Peeta says. “Then for the next eleven years, I tried to work up the nerve to talk to you.” “Without success,” I add. “Without success. So, in a way, my name being drawn in the reaping was a real piece of luck,” says Peeta. For a moment, I’m almost foolishly happy and then confusion sweeps over me. Because we’re supposed to be making up this stuff, playing at being in love not actually being in love. But Peeta’s story has a ring of truth to it. That part about my father and the birds. And I did sing the first day of school, although I don’t remember the song. And that red plaid dress... there was one, a hand-me-down to Prim that got washed to rags after my father’s death. It would explain another thing, too. Why Peeta took a beating to give me the bread on that awful hollow day. So, if those details are true... could it all be true? “You have a... remarkable memory,” I say haltingly. “I remember everything about you,” says Peeta, tucking a loose strand of hair behind my ear. “You’re the one who wasn’t paying attention.” “I am now,” I say. “Well, I don’t have much competition here,” he says. I want to draw away, to close those shutters again, but I know I can’t. It’s as if I can hear Haymitch whispering in my ear, “Say it! Say it!” I swallow hard and get the words out. “You don’t have much competition anywhere.” And this time, it’s me who leans in.” ― Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games
对于世界而言，你是一个人；但是对于某个人，你是他的整个世界。 —— 玛格丽特・米切尔 《飘》
“Never say no when you really want to say yes.” ― Jenny Han, Always and Forever, Lara Jean
尽管我对爱一无所知，但是某种像爱一样的东西会像一千个鱼钩把下面的话从我喉咙里钩出来：我需要你。 —— 莱昂纳德・科恩 《美丽失败者》
“he placed his hands on my mind before reaching for my waist my hips or my lips he didn't call me beautiful first he called me exquisite - how he touches me” ― Rupi Kaur, Milk and Honey
“I've been in love with you since the very beginning. You asked why there isn't anyone else in my life, and the reason... is you.” ― Julie James, Practice Makes Perfect
当面对两个选择时，抛硬币总能奏效。 并不是因为它总能给出对的答案，而是在你把它抛在空中的那一秒里。 你突然就知道，你希望的结果是什么了。 —— 曾小贤 《爱情公寓》
“Whatever happened to the dragon?" I mustered my primmest tone. "He has a name, you know." Adrian pulled back and gave me a curious look. "I didn't know, actually. What'd you decide on?" "Hopper." When Adrian laughed, I added, "Best rabbit ever. He'd be proud to know his name is being passed on." "Yes, I'm sure he would. Did you name the Mustang too?" "I think you mean the Ivashkinator." He stared at me in wonder. "I told you I loved you, right? "Yes," I assured him. "Many times.” ― Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell
“I was as unburdened as a piece of dandelion fluff, and he was the wind that stirred me about the world.” ― Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses
泰戈尔说过：你若爱他，就让你的爱像阳光一样包围她，并给她自由。
“Before I fell in love with words, with setting skies and singing birds— it was you I fell in love with first.” ― Lang Leav, Love & Misadventure
你见，或者不见我 我就在那里 不悲 不喜 你念，或者不念我 情就在那里 不来 不去 你爱，或者不爱我 爱就在那里 不增 不减 你跟，或者不跟我 我的手就在你手里 不舍不弃 来我的怀里， 或者 让我住进你的心里 默然相爱 寂静欢喜
要是爱你爱的再少些，话就可以多说些。 《傲慢与偏见》
我浑身伤痛，跋涉万里，疲倦地寻找，只为来与你相见。 —— 宫崎骏 《悬崖上的金鱼姬》
人总是在接近幸福时倍感幸福，在幸福进行时却患得患失。
“火车是朝前开的， 去哪儿并不重要， 关键在于窗外的风景。”
“Attraction is not an option. ” ― Neil Strauss
“Had I been in love, I could not have been more wretchedly blind. But vanity, not love, has been my folly.” ― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice
“There are many different types of kisses. There’s a passionate kiss of farewell—like the kind Rhett gave Scarlett when he went off to war. The kiss of I-can’t-really-be-with-you-but-I-want-to-be—like with Superman and Lois Lane. There’s the first kiss—one that is gentle and hesitant, warm and vulnerable. And then there’s the kiss of possession—which was how Ren kissed me now. It went beyond passion, beyond desire. His kiss was full of longing, need, and love, like all those other kisses. But, it was also filled with promises and pledges, some of which seemed sweet and tender while others seemed dangerous and exciting. He was taking me over. Staking a claim. He seized me as boldly as the tiger captured his prey. There was no escape. And I didn’t want to. I would have happily died in his clutches. I was his. And he made sure I knew it. My heart burst with a thousand beautiful blooms, all tiger lilies. And I knew with a certainty more powerful than anything I’d ever felt before that we belonged together. ” ― Colleen Houck, Tiger's Quest
娶了红玫瑰，久而久之，红玫瑰就变成了墙上的一抹蚊子血，白玫瑰还是“床前明月光； 娶了白玫瑰，白玫瑰就是衣服上的一粒饭渣子，红的还是心口上的一颗朱砂痣。 —— 张爱玲 《红玫瑰与白玫瑰》
“Know that love is truly timeless.” ― Mary M. Ricksen
“每想你一次，天上飘落一粒沙，从此形成了撒哈拉。 每想你一次，天上就掉下一滴水，于是形成了太平洋。” —— 三毛 《撒哈拉的故事》
山有木兮木有枝，心悦君兮君不知。 《越人歌》
因为爱过，所以慈悲；因为懂得，所以宽容。
“I crossed a thousand leagues to come to you, and lost the best part of me along the way. Don't tell me to leave.” ― George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords
“Were you always such a stubborn, blind, obtuse girl?” “Are you calling me stupid?” “Yes, but in a more poetic way!” “Well, here’s a poem for you. Get lost!” ― Colleen Houck
“Love, like everything else in life, should be a discovery, an adventure, and like most adventures, you don’t know you’re having one until you’re right in the middle of it.” ― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,
“什么情侣名最好听？” “长安，故里” “为什么？” “长安归故里，故里有长安”
你说你喜欢雨，但是你在下雨的时候打伞。 你说你喜欢太阳，但是你在阳光明媚的时候躲在阴凉的地方。 你说你喜欢风，但是在刮风的时候你却关上窗户。 这就是为什么我会害怕你说你也喜欢我。
“Do you think there's a difference? Between belonging with and belonging to?” ― Jenny Han, To All the Boys I've Loved Before
“Deceiving others. That is what the world calls a romance.” ― Oscar Wilde
“最最喜欢你，绿子。” “什么程度？” “像喜欢春天的熊一样。” “春天的熊？”绿子再次扬起脸，“什么春天的熊？” “春天的原野里，你一个人正走着，对面走来一只可爱的小熊，浑身的毛活像天鹅绒，眼睛圆鼓鼓的。它这么对你说到：‘你好，小姐，和我一块打滚玩好么？’接着，你就和小熊抱在一起，顺着长满三叶草的山坡咕噜咕噜滚下去，整整玩了一大天。你说棒不棒？” “太棒了。” “我就这么喜欢你。” —— 村上春树 《挪威的森林》
“Kenapa harus takut gelap kalau ada banyak hal indah yang hanya bisa dilihat sewaktu gelap? -Nishimura Kazuto” ― Ilana Tan, Winter in Tokyo
不管全世界所有人怎么说，我都认为自己的感受才是正确的。无论别人怎么看，我绝不打乱自己的节奏。喜欢的事自然可以坚持，不喜欢怎么也长久不了。 —— 村上春树 《当我谈跑步时我谈些什么》
我将于茫茫人海中访我唯一灵魂之伴侣；得之，我幸；不得，我命。 —— 徐志摩 《致梁启超》
对我来说，风光无限的是你，跌落尘埃的也是你，重点是“你”，而不是“怎样”的你。——《天官赐福》 《天官赐福》
“You know on TV when there’s one of those awkward, shocking moments and all you hear are the crickets in the background? Well chirp fucking chirp...this is one of those moments.” ― Emma Chase, Tangled
飞蛾对灯火说的话 我想对你再说一次 奋不顾身之前，我是知道结局的 —— 北川理惠 《三行情书》
“I would rather a romantic relationship turn into contempt than turn into apathy. The passion in the extremities make it appear as though it once meant something. We grow from hot or cold, but lukewarm is the biggest insult.” ― Criss Jami, Killosophy
“It's so much easier to convince yourself you're madly in love with someone when you know nothing about him.” ― Megan McCafferty, Second Helpings
我贪恋的人间烟火，不偏不倚，全都是你 —— 荒川黛 《教授，抑制剂要吗》
“This isn't a romance. You're not a damsel in distress and I'm not the handsome prince come to save you.” ― CJ Roberts, Captive in the Dark
我相信，真正在乎我的人是不会被别人抢走的，无论是友情，还是爱情。
惊觉相思不露，原来只因已入骨，情不知所起，一往而深 。 —— 汤显祖 《牡丹亭》
“By the way, I haven't heard an 'I'm sorry' from you yet." My sense of grievance had overwhelmed my sense of self-preservation. I am sorry that the maenad picked on you." I glared at him. "Not enough," I said. I was trying hard to hang on to this conversation. Angelic Sookie, vision of love and beauty, I am prostrate that the wicked evil maenad violated your smooth and voluptuous body, in an attempt to deliver a message to me." That's more like it.” ― Charlaine Harris, Living Dead in Dallas
“You know that when I hate you, it is because I love you to a point of passion that unhinges my soul.” ― Julie de Lespinasse
“I love you. I hate you. I like you. I hate you. I love you. I think you’re stupid. I think you’re a loser. I think you’re wonderful. I want to be with you. I don’t want to be with you. I would never date you. I hate you. I love you…..I think the madness started the moment we met and you shook my hand. Did you have a disease or something?” ― Shannon L. Alder
“Shut up…let me tell you, LET ME. Every time I look at your face or even remember it, it wrecks me. And the way you are with me and you’re just fun and you shit all over me and you make fun of me and you’re real. I don’t have enough time in any day to think about you enough...I don’t even think about women anymore. I think about you.” ― Louis C.K.
我希望有个如你一般的人。 如这山间清晨一般明亮清爽的人， 如奔赴古城道路上阳光一般的人， 温暖而不炙热，覆盖我所有肌肤。 由起点到夜晚，由山野到书房， 一切问题的答案都很简单。 我希望有个如你一般的人，贯彻未来，数遍生命的公路牌。 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
“顺便告诉他,我选择的那个人愿意为我付出生命,我亦然。”傅清疏又回过身来,一字顿地说:“他就是我的执迷不悟。” -- 《教授，抑制剂要吗》 —— 荒川黛 《教授，抑制剂要吗》
少年时我们追求激情，成熟后却迷恋平庸，在我们寻找，伤害，背离之后，还能一如既往的相信爱情，这是一种勇气。每个人都有属于自己的一片森林，迷失的人迷失了，相逢的人会再相逢。 —— 村上春树 《挪威的森林》
“His lips tasted cool and sharp, peppermint, winter, but his hands, soft on the back of my neck, promised long days and summer and forever.” ― Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver
“I don't want to be somebody's crush. If somebody likes me, I want them to like the real me, not what they think I am.” ― Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower
有多少人以友谊的名义，爱着一个人，认为拥有，就是失去的开始。 《我可能不会爱你》
眉眼是银河，眼里有星辰。
“For thousands of nights I dreamed of making love to you. No man on earth has ever hated sunrise as I do.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Again the Magic
“I have named you queen. There are taller than you, taller. There are purer than you, purer. There are lovelier than you, lovelier. But you are the queen. When you go through the streets No one recognizes you. No one sees your crystal crown, no one looks At the carpet of red gold That you tread as you pass, The nonexistent carpet. And when you appear All the rivers sound In my body, bells Shake the sky, And a hymn fills the world. Only you and I, Only you and I, my love, Listen to it.” ― Pablo Neruda, Love Poems
我以为爱情可以填满人生的遗憾。然而，制造更多遗憾的。却偏偏是爱情。
“What are you doing?” “Kneeling before a goddess.” “I’m not a goddess.” “You are. A goddess, a princess, a queen. As a soldier, I pledge myself to your service. As a prince, I grant you any boon within my power. As a man, I ask to sit at your feet and worship you. Ask me to do anything for you and I will do it.” ― Colleen Houck
“Physical love is unthinkable without violence.” ― Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being
希望你可以记住我，记住我这样活过，这样在你身边呆过。 —— 村上春树 《挪威的森林》
我把我整个的灵魂都给你，连同它的怪癖，耍小脾气，忽明忽暗，一千八百种坏毛病。它真讨厌，只有一点好，爱你。
“Your memory feels like home to me. So whenever my mind wanders, it always finds it’s way back to you.” ― Ranata Suzuki
“A girl can still admire, can’t she? Even those who can’t afford to go in the store can still window-shop. Right? Knowing he wasn’t for me didn’t mean I couldn’t covet the merchandise.” ― Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse
“And I mean to hear ye groan like that again. And to moan and sob, even though you dinna wish to, for ye canna help it. I mean to make you sigh as though your heart would break, and scream with the wanting, and at last to cry out in my arms, and I shall know that I've served ye well.” ― Diana Gabaldon, Outlander
“His eyes drifted leisurely back up to my face and he smiled at me appreciatively, “Kelsey, when a man spends time with a beautiful woman, he needs to pace himself. I quirked my eyebrow at him and laughed. “Yeah, I’m a regular marathon alright.” He kissed my fingers. “Exactly. A wise man never sprints…in a marathon.” ― Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse
“Colin decided then and there that the female mind was a strange and incomprehensible organ - one which no man should even attempt to understand. There wasn't a woman alive who could go from point A to B without stopping at C, D, X, and 12 along the way.” ― Julia Quinn, Romancing Mister Bridgerton
“Believe me, I'm no romantic, and while I've heard all about love at first sight, I've never believed in it, and I still don't. But even so, there was something there, something recognizably real, and I couldn't look away.” ― Nicholas Sparks, Dear John
“Love is a rebellious bird that nobody can tame.” ― veronica rossi, Through the Ever Night
“If you would take one step forward, darling, you could cry in my arms. And while you do, I'll tell you how sorry I am for everything I've done -" Unable to wait, Ian caught her, pulling her tightly against him. "And when I'm finished," he whispered hoarsely as she wrapped her arms around him and wept brokenly, "you can help me find a way to forgive myself." Tortured by her tears, he clasped her tighter and rubbed his jaw against her temple, his voice a ravaged whisper: "I'm sorry," he told her. He cupped her face between his palms, tipping it up and gazing into her eyes, his thumbs moving over her wet cheeks. "I'm sorry." Slowly, he bent his head, covering her mouth with his. "I'm so damned sorry.” ― Judith McNaught, Almost Heaven
“No one compares to you, but there's no you, except in my dreams tonight.” ― Lana Del Rey
“Get up, Shahrzad al-Khayzuran. You kneel before no one. Least of all me.” ― Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn
或许，我们终究会有那么一天：牵着别人的手，遗忘曾经的他。 —— 三毛 《雨季不再来》
“I couldn't stop staring at his mouth when he spoke. I bet he knew how to kiss. Perfect kisses too, ones that weren't wet and gross, but the kind that curled toes. I needed to stop looking at him in general.” ― Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian
“Wars fought over a face like this,” he murmured like he was talking to himself, my heart stopped beating and his thumbs moved lightly across my cheeks. “A man would work himself into the ground for it, go down to his knees to beg to keep it, endure torture to protect it, take a bullet for it,” his eyes came to mine, “poison his brother to possess a face like this.” ― Kristen Ashley, Knight
“Too bad guys aren’t like Mr. Potato Head Where you can pick and choose which parts you want. Then we might come up with a guy who meets your standards.” ― Susane Colasanti, When It Happens
“Apakah ada yang tahu bagaimana rasanya mencintai seseorang yang tidak boleh dicintai? Aku tahu. Hidup ini sungguh aneh, juga tidak adil. Suatu kali hidup melambungkanmu setinggi langit, kali lainnya hidup menghempaskanmu begitu keras ke bumi. Ketika aku menyadari dialah satu-satunya yang paling kubutuhkan dalam hidup ini, kenyataan berteriak di telingaku dia juga satu-satunya orang yang tidak boleh kudapatkan.” ― Ilana Tan, Autumn in Paris
“But I couldn't help myself, couldn't help the way I felt as I recalled the bliss and rush of a vampire's bite.” ― Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy
喜欢一个人，会卑微到尘埃里，然后开出花来。
我希望有个如你一般的人 如山间清爽的风 如古城温暖的光 从清晨到夜晚 由山野到书房 只要最后是你 就好 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
“She drinks pints of coffee and writes little observations and ideas for stories with her best fountain pen on the linen-white pages of expensive notebooks. Sometimes, when it's going badly, she wonders if what she believes to be a love of the written word is really just a fetish for stationery.” ― David Nicholls, One Day
曾经有一份真诚的爱情放在我面前，我没有珍惜，等我失去的时候我才后悔莫及，人世间最痛苦的事莫过于此。 如果上天能够给我一个再来一次的机会，我会对那个女孩子说三个字：我爱你。 如果非要在这份爱上加上一个期限，我希望是…… 一万年 —— 周星驰 《大话西游》
其实，我很累了，我习惯假装坚强，习惯了一个人面对所有，我不知道自己到底想怎么样。有时候我可以很开心的和每个人说话，可以很放肆的，可是却没有人知道，那不过是伪装，很刻意的伪装；我可以让自己很快乐很快乐，可是却找不到快乐的源头，只是傻笑。
你来友情客串，我却倾情出演。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
“Nice dress. Take it off.” ― Janet Evanovich
今夕何夕，见此良人。 《诗经》
静下来想你，觉得一切都美好的不可思议。
“I didn't want it to be one good memory that led to a lot of bad ones. I wanted it to stay what it was, one amazing moment, something that was strong and sweet enough to stand on its own. Something I could remember without any pain. - Kate” ― Elizabeth Scott, Perfect You
听到一些事，明明不相干的，也会在心中拐好几个弯想到你。
草在结它的种子，风在摇它的叶子。我们站着，不说话，就十分美好。 —— 顾城 《门前》
你站在桥上看风景， 看风景人在楼上看你。 明月装饰了你的窗子， 你装饰了别人的梦。 —— 卞之琳 《断章》
鱼玄机的资料里，四十一秒时间，大半是与温庭钧有关。温庭钧的资料里，二分二十三秒，无一秒有关鱼玄机，皆为一身功名。 你离太过遥远，我触之不及。纵使我微小，但我的世界，大半都是你 《网易云热评》
不要指着月亮起誓，它是变化无常的，每个月都有盈亏圆缺；你要是指着它起誓，也许你的爱情也会像它一样无常。 —— 莎士比亚 《罗密欧与朱丽叶》
“As a man, I instantly became aware of the gold in her hair, her height measured against mine, and how easily she'd fit in my arms. ~Ren” ― Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse
世界小得像一条街的布景，我们相遇了。你点点头，省略了所有的往事，省略了问候。
“I'll tell you something, Harpy," he said, his voice almost a whisper now. "It never even occurred to me that we wouldn't make it. And it never occurred to you that we would. You were just waiting for us to go down in flames. I thought we could get through anything.” ― Kristan Higgins, My One and Only
“He then put both hands on the door on either side of my head and leaned in close, pinning me against it. I trembled like a downy rabbit caught in the clutches of a wolf. The wolf came closer. He bent his head and began nuzzling my cheek. The problem was…I wanted the wolf to devour me.” ― Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse
“I wanted to be his life preserver, the thing that would keep him afloat. Instead, he became my anchor. And I’m tired of drowning.” ― Amanda Grace, But I Love Him
“My beloved is the sun And I am the earth that thrives only in her warmth. My beloved is the rain And I am the grass that thirsts for her quenching kiss. My beloved is the wind And I am the wings that soar when she fills me with her gentle strength. My beloved is the rock Upon which rests the happiness of all my days. —The Elements of Love, a poem by Aileron v'En Kavali of the Fey” ― C.L. Wilson, Lord of the Fading Lands
花好月圆，美满如璧，好像都得瞎猫碰上死耗子，人间深情只有那么少的一点，疯子拿去一些，傻子拿去一些，剩下的寥寥无几，怎么够分？ —— priest 《杀破狼》
当我跨过沉沦的一切，向着永恒开战的时候，你是我的军旗。 —— 王小波 《爱你就像爱生命》
他点了一个赞，你脑补出了一出戏 他更新一条动态，你就像在做阅读理解 他坐在你身边，却隔着一条银河 他什么都没做，却成了你心里的最重要 他什么都好，唯一的缺点就是不喜欢你 —— 张皓宸 《后来时间都与你有关》
像他那样的人，经常眺望远方。 那双眼睛总是清澈的，是我迄今为止见过的最漂亮的眼睛。 可能是因为我喜欢他，才这样觉得吧。 —— 岩井俊二 《情书》
“Mock me all you like. Whatever I imagined then, now it is I who would beg and grovel for a kind word from your lips." His eyes are black with desire. "By you, I am forever undone.” ― Holly Black, The Queen of Nothing
“I'll understand if you don't want me. But I will be heartbroken. You are all I ever dreamed of and hoped for. You are much, much more. Please know that I didn't think I was mean-minded. But I realize I am. I don't want you to put your arms around me and say it's all right, that you forgive me. I want you to be sure that you do, and my love for you will last as long as I live. I can see no lightness, no humour, no joke to make. I just hope that we will be able to go back to when we had laughter, and the world was coloured, not black and white and grey. I am so sorry for hurting you. I could inflict all kinds of pain on myself, but it would not take back any I gave to you. - David Power” ― Maeve Binchy, Echoes
不许你再叫我先生，否则我要从字典中查出世界上最肉麻的称呼来称呼你。特此警告。
距离那天，过了十三年，他从十六岁，到了二十九岁。 从桀骜不驯又放纵变得沉稳内敛，从不良少年到现在的清冷禁欲教授。 他拼尽全力，仍是无法摆脱。 -- 《教授，抑制剂要吗》 《教授，抑制剂要吗》
爱是恒久忍耐，又有恩慈；爱是不嫉妒，爱是不自夸，不张狂，不作害羞的事，不求自己的益处，不轻易发怒，不计算人的恶，不喜欢不义，只喜欢真理；凡事包容，凡事相信，凡事盼望，凡事忍耐；爱是永不止息。 《圣经》
“Will put his hand on Nico's shoulder. "Nico, we need to have another talk about your people skills." "Hey, I'm just stating the obvious. If this is Apollo, and he dies, we're all in trouble." Will turned to me. "I apologize for my boyfriend." Nico rolled his eyes. "Could you not―" "Would you prefer special guy?" Will asked. "Or significant other?" "Significant annoyance, in your case," Nico grumbled” ― Rick Riordan, The Hidden Oracle
你看这个人，嘴里说喜欢我，又让我这么难过... —— 南康白起 《我等你到三十五岁》
让人想要铭记一生的，不是脚下的万家灯火，而是和你在一起的时光。 —— 绿亦歌 《永无，永无岛》
“The wish of death had been palpably hanging over this otherwise idyllic paradise for a good many years. All business and politics is personal in the Philippines. If it wasn't for the cheap beer and lovely girls one of us would spend an hour in this dump. They [Jehovah's Witnesses] get some kind of frequent flyer points for each person who signs on. I'm not lazy. I'm just motivationally challenged. I'm not fat. I just have lots of stored energy. You don't get it do you? What people think of you matters more than the reality. Marilyn. Despite standing firm at the final hurdle Marilyn was always ready to run the race. After answering the question the woman bent down behind the stand out of sight of all, and crossed herself. It is amazing what you can learn in prison. Merely through casual conversation Rick had acquired the fundamentals of embezzlement, fraud and armed hold up. He wondered at the price of honesty in a grey world whose half tones changed faster than the weather. The banality of truth somehow always surprises the news media before they tart it up. You've ridden jeepneys in peak hour. Where else can you feel up a fourteen-year-old schoolgirl without even trying? [Ralph Winton on the Philippines finer points] Life has no bottom. No matter how bad things are or how far one has sunk things can always get worse. You could call the Oval Office an information rain shadow. In the Philippines, a whole layer of criminals exists who consider that it is their right to rob you unhindered. If you thwart their wicked desires, to their way of thinking you have stolen from them and are evil. There's honest and dishonest corruption in this country. Don't enjoy it too much for it's what we love that usually kills us. The good guys don't always win wars but the winners always make sure that they go down in history as the good guys. The Philippines is like a woman. You love her and hate her at the same time. I never believed in all my born days that ideas of truth and justice were only pretty words to brighten a much darker and more ubiquitous reality. The girl was experiencing the first flushes of love while Rick was at least feeling the methadone equivalent. Although selfishness and greed are more ephemeral than the real values of life their effects on the world often outlive their origins. Miriam's a meteor job. Somewhere out there in space there must be a meteor with her name on it. Tsismis or rumours grow in this land like tropical weeds. Surprises are so common here that nothing is surprising. A crooked leader who can lead is better than a crooked one who can't. Although I always followed the politics of Hitler I emulate the drinking habits of Churchill. It [Australia] is the country that does the least with the most. Rereading the brief lines that told the story in the manner of Fox News reporting the death of a leftist Rick's dark imagination took hold. Didn't your mother ever tell you never to trust a man who doesn't drink? She must have been around twenty years old, was tall for a Filipina and possessed long black hair framing her smooth olive face. This specter of loveliness walked with the assurance of the knowingly beautiful. Her crisp and starched white uniform dazzled in the late-afternoon light and highlighted the natural tan of her skin. Everything about her was in perfect order. In short, she was dressed up like a pox doctor’s clerk. Suddenly, she stopped, turned her head to one side and spat comprehensively into the street. The tiny putrescent puddle contrasted strongly with the studied aplomb of its all-too-recent owner, suggesting all manner of disease and decay.” ― John Richard Spencer
时光终有一天会将我们分开，但是。即使如此，在那日降临之前，让我们一直在一起吧。 —— 绿川幸 《萤火之森》
“I would lay down everything I possess, even my soul, for you. If that isn't love, it's the best I have.” ― Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence
所爱隔山海，山海不可平 。 —— Littlesen 《山木诗词》
等待太久得来的东西，多半已经不是当初自己想要的样子了。
“But, my God, it's so beautiful when the boy smiles” ― Anna Nalick
我看过最虐心的小说是我和你的聊天记录。
从来不偷东西的你，却爱偷笑 于是从来不偷东西的我 便学会了偷看 —— 北川理惠 《三行情书》
我们俩真可说是天生的一对，因为你和我一样，为人冷酷、贪婪而又无所顾忌，在所有认识你的人中，只有我在看清了你的真实面目之后还会爱你。我爱上了你，因为我想碰碰运气。 《飘》
你是我一时的冲动，也是我良久的喜欢。 《最撩人的情话是什么？》
一川烟草，满城风絮，梅子黄时雨。 —— 贺铸 《青玉案·凌波不过横塘路》
“They were within twenty yards of each other, and so abrupt was his appearance, that it was impossible to avoid his sight. Their eyes instantly met, and the cheeks of each were overspread with the deepest blush. He absolutely started, and for a moment seemed immoveable from surprise; but shortly recovering himself, advanced towards the party, and spoke to Elizabeth, if not in terms of perfect composure, at least of perfect civility.” ― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice
“She loved him. But he didn’t know how to love. He could talk about love. He could see love and feel love. But he couldn’t give love. He could make love. But he couldn’t make promises. She had desperately wanted his promises. She wanted his heart, knew she couldn’t have it so she took what she could get. Temporary bliss. Passionate highs and lows. Withdrawal and manipulation. He only stayed long enough to take what he needed and keep moving. If he stopped moving, he would self-destruct. If he stopped wandering, he would have to face himself. He chose to stay in the dark where he couldn’t see. If he exposed himself and the sun came out, he’d see his shadow. He was deathly afraid of his shadow. She saw his shadow, loved it, understood it. Saw potential in it. She thought her love would change him. He pushed and he pulled, tested boundaries, thinking she would never leave. He knew he was hurting her, but didn’t know how to share anything but pain. He was only comfortable in chaos. Claiming souls before they could claim him. Her love, her body, she had given to him and he’d taken with such feigned sincerity, absorbing every drop of her. His dark heart concealed. She’d let him enter her spirit and stroke her soul where everything is love and sensation and surrender. Wide open, exposed to deception. It had never occurred to her that this desire was not love. It was blinding the way she wanted him. She couldn’t see what was really happening, only what she wanted to happen. She suspected that he would always seek to minimize the risk of being split open, his secrets revealed. He valued his soul’s privacy far more than he valued the intimacy of sincere connection so he kept his distance at any and all costs. Intimacy would lead to his undoing—in his mind, an irrational and indulgent mistake. When she discovered his indiscretions, she threw love in his face and beat him with it. Somewhere deep down, in her labyrinth, her intricacy, the darkest part of her soul, she relished the mayhem. She felt a sense of privilege for having such passion in her life. He stirred her core. The place she dared not enter. The place she could not stir for herself. But something wasn’t right. His eyes were cold and dark. His energy, unaffected. He laughed at her and her antics, told her she was a mess. Frantic, she looked for love hiding in his eyes, in his face, in his stance, and she found nothing but disdain. And her heart stopped.” ― G.G. Renee Hill, The Beautiful Disruption
“A gentleman holds my hand. A man pulls my hair. A soulmate will do both.” ― Alessandra Torre
走得突然，我们来不及告别。这样也好，因为我们永远不告别。 —— 三毛 《我的宝贝》
“I knew from the moment I heard you, the moment I saw the gun and realized that this lovely, petit woman was the executioner, that you would never die waiting for me to save you - that you would save yourself.” ― Laurell K. Hamilton, Narcissus in Chains
如果有一天，我突然疏远了你，不要想我们之间怎么了。你没有错，我只是突然犯病了，过一阵子就好。友情如此，爱情亦如此。
“Your absence has not taught me to be alone, it merely has shown that when together we cast a single shadow on the wall.” ― Doug Fetherling
“I couldn't escape him, now or ever. He'd always be there, consuming my every thought, my heart locked in his hands. I was drawn to him by forces I couldn't control, let alone escape.” ― Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence
一想到要和你分别，就算拨开人群，我也想去见你。 《萤火之森》
春风再美也比不上你的笑，没见过你的人不会明了。 —— 李宗盛 《鬼迷心窍》
“一个宇宙，九大行星，二百零四个国家，八百零九个岛屿，七个大洋，六十八亿人口，我竟如此幸运，可以遇见你。” —— 叶非夜 《101次抢婚》
在某个瞬间，你会感觉整个天地都因为某个人的存在变得很明亮。 像是一直行走在黑乎乎的隧道里，突然到了出口，天光乍现。 —— 师小札 《浅爱深喜欢》
我把我整个灵魂都给你，连同它的怪癖，耍小脾气，忽明忽睹，一千八百种坏毛病。它真讨厌，只有一点好，就是爱你。 —— 王小波 《爱你就像爱生命》
“To return to love, to get the love we always wanted but never had, to have the love we want but are not prepared to give, we seek romantic relationships. We believe these relationships, more than any other, will rescue and redeem us. True love does have the power to redeem but only if we are ready for redemption. Love saves us only if we want to be saved.” ― bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions
“Mr. Bradford," she said. "I'm not going to propose to you." The twinkle in Mr. Bradford's eyes faded. So did his smile. He managed to keep it on his face. It looked painful. "Oh," he said. "Mr. Bradford?" "Yes?" "Would you mind it so very much if...you know...you proposed to me?" The light in Mr. Bradford's eyes jumped to life. He beamed so largely it almost wasn't crooked. "If you want.” ― Heather Dixon, Entwined
“I suppose it’s not a social norm, and not a manly thing to do — to feel, discuss feelings. So that’s what I’m giving the finger to. Social norms and stuff…what good are social norms, really? I think all they do is project a limited and harmful image of people. It thus impedes a broader social acceptance of what someone, or a group of people, might actually be like.” ― Jess C Scott, New Order
“The more a person pushes others away, the clearer it becomes he is in need of love the most.” ― Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn
“If I had a camera," I said, "I'd take a picture of you every day. That way I'd remember how you looked every single day of your life." "I look exactly the same." "No, you don't. You're changing all the time. Every day a tiny bit. If I could, I'd keep a record of it all." "If you're so smart, how did I change today?" "You got a fraction of a millimeter taller, for one thing. Your hair grew a fraction of a millimeter longer. And your breasts grew a fraction of a—" "They did not!" "Yes, they did." "Did NOT." "Did too." "What else, you big pig?" "You got a little happier and also a little sadder." "Meaning they cancel out each other, leaving me exactly the same." "Not at all. The fact that you got a little happier today doesn't change the fact that you also become a little sadder. Every day you become a little more of both, which means that right now, at this exact moment, you're the happiest and the saddest you've ever been in your whole life." "How do you know?" "Think about it. Have you ever been happier or sadder than right now, lying here in this grass?" "I guess not. No." "And have you ever been sadder?" "No." "It isn't like that for everyone, you know. Some people[...]" "What about you? Are you the happiest and saddest right now that you've ever been?" "Of course I am." "Why?" "Because nothing makes me happier and nothing makes me sadder than you.” ― Nicole Krauss, The History of Love
男孩：妈妈，我有喜欢的人了 妈妈：那快带回来吃饭啊 男孩：可他是男孩子 妈妈：男孩子啊，那我多买点菜，男孩子吃的多饭量大
“In the afternoon, they stopped to eat on a rocky outcrop. Perry brushed a kiss on her cheek while she was chewing, and she learned that it was the loveliest thing to be kissed for no reason, even while chewing food. It brightened the woods, and the never sky, and everything.” ― Veronica Rossi, Under the Never Sky
“Our relationship wasn't the sun, the moon, the stars, but it wasn't bullshit, either.” ― Junot Díaz, This Is How You Lose Her
明明在喜欢你之前过的很好。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
“You know what they say about boys next door...” ― Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian
“So far Kat has been through all the Wa's she could think of, but Hale hadn't admitted to being Walter or Ward or Washington. He'd firmly denied both Warren and Waverly. Watson had prompted him to do a very bad Sherlock Holmes impersonation throughout a good portion of a train ride to Edinburgh, Scotland. And Wayne seemed so wrong she hadn't even tried. Hale was Hale. And not knowing what the W's stood for had become a constant reminder to Kat that, in life, there are some things that can be given but never stolen. Of course, that didn't stop her from trying.” ― Ally Carter, Heist Society
“The most difficult aspect of moving on is accepting that the other person already did.” ― Faraaz Kazi
“I'd rather die on my own terms than live on theirs. I'd rather die loving Alex than live without him.” ― Lauren Oliver, Delirium
人生没有彩排，每一天都是现场直播 —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
“You didn’t think I’d let you go alone, did you?” “No, but I’m grateful that I had you with me.” “Grateful is all I’m going to get, isn’t it?” “What else were you hoping for?” “Adoration, devotion, affection, infatuation, or just plain finding me irresistible.” “Sorry, Don Juan. You’ll have to live with my undying gratitude.” ― Colleen Houck, Tiger's Quest
彼岸花，开一千年，落一千年，花叶永不相见。 情不为因果，缘注定生死 《佛经》
“Let me rephrase.” He took a seething step toward me. “When it comes to you… I don’t like to share.” ― Samantha Young, On Dublin Street
I only wish to face the sea, with spring flowers blossoming. 我只愿面朝大海，春暖花开。 —— 海子 《面朝大海》
“I knew, you would do me good, in some way, at some time;- I saw it in your eyes when I first beheld you: their expression and smile did not- (again he stopped)- did not (he proceeded hastily) strike delight to my very inmost heart so for nothing. ” ― Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre
三生石上三生情，忘川河旁怎忘情； 彼岸花开千年痛，奈何桥边奈何爱； 人生若只如初见，相见却不如不见； 入骨相思君不知，红豆传说成往事； 道不尽春去秋来，盼不尽沧海桑田； 愿得一人红尘心，白首不离伴一世； 山水田园远俗世，不羡鸳鸯不羡仙。
“I was his exception, and as much as I had tried to fight my feelings, he was mine.” ― Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster
愿你能因为某个人的出现而让世界丰盈，愿你的生活如同贺卡上烫金的祝辞欢脱，愿这悠长岁月温柔安好，有回忆煮酒，愿你没有软肋，也不需要铠甲，愿我们和爱的人一起浪费人生，热泪盈眶，长生不老。我与世界只差一个你，因为是你，晚一点没关系。 —— 张皓宸 《我与世界只差一个你》
虽然经历了岁月的洗礼，但真挚的感悟没有磨灭。生命是短暂的，而爱情是永恒的。有一个可以思念的人，就是幸福。 —— 岩井俊二 《情书》
每当有人问起为什么我不恋爱的时候，我都以麻烦为由搪塞过去。又有人开始问我到底喜欢过谁没有，我也轻描淡写地表示否定。其实我曾经碰到过，碰得太早，以至于我没来得及分清，也没来得及弄明白。 ——来自网易云音乐热评《好好过》 《网易云热评》
回忆这东西，真的能让一个人变成精神病，前一秒，还是嘴角微扬，这一秒，却湿润了眼眶。
“Are you sure that being like everybody else will make you happy?" "I don't know any other way." "Let me show you." And then we're kissing. Or at least, I think we're kissing—I've only seen it done a couple of times, quick closed-mouth pecks at weddings or on formal occasions. But this isn't like anything I've ever seen, or imagined, or even dreamed: this is like music or dancing but better than both.” ― Lauren Oliver, Delirium
“Sam laughed, a funny, self-deprecating laugh. "You did read a lot. And spent too much time just inside the kitchen window, where I couldn't see you very well." "And not enough time mostly naked in front of my bedroom window?" I teased. Sam turned bright red. "That," he said, "is so not the point of this conversation.” ― Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver
“After a moment, Wrath turned to John. "This is Lassiter, the fallen angel. One of the last times he was here on earth, there was a plague in central Europe-" "Okay, that was so not my fault-" "-which wiped out two-thirds of the human population." "I'd like to remind you that you don't like humans." "They smell bad when they're dead." "All you mortal types do.” ― J.R. Ward, Lover Enshrined
“我选择了你，就跟你风雨同舟，你可以说爱我，别说对不起” —— 荒川黛 《教授，抑制剂要吗》
“Everyone's a little crazy. Some people just hide it better than others.” ― Michelle Hodkin, The Retribution of Mara Dyer
“Her heart had grown so familiar to the pain of life without him, that to respond now seemed too large a pleasure she could not endure. If pain was love, then she loved fiercely. Yet knew she could not be near that boy again.” ― Jamie Weise
那时我们有梦，关于文学，关于爱情，关于穿越世界的旅行。如今我们深夜饮酒，杯子碰到一起，都是梦破碎的声音。 —— 北岛 《波兰来客》
愿此间山有木兮卿有意 昨夜星辰恰似你。 —— 伦桑 《山有木兮》
Some of us get dipped in flat, some in satin, some in gloss. But every once in a while you find someone who's iridescent, and when you do, nothing will ever compare. 有人住高楼，有人在深沟，有人光万丈，有人一身锈，世人万千种，浮云莫去求，斯人若彩虹，遇上方知有。 —— 文德琳・范・德拉安南 《怦然心动》
喜欢的人不能做朋友，因为再看一眼，还是想要拥有。 《一禅小和尚》
不知道喜欢你什么，实在不知道，如果确定知道喜欢你什么，是不够喜欢你。因为不确定具体喜欢你什么，所以喜欢你所有一切及其他。 —— 冯唐 《不二》
我的意中人是一个盖世英雄。 上天既然安排他拔出我的紫青宝剑， 他一定是个不平凡的人， 错不了！ 我知道有一天他会在一个万众瞩目的情况下出现， 身披金甲圣衣， 脚踏七彩祥云来娶我！ —— 周星驰 《大话西游》
“And second, keep in mind that you are a weapon. In theory, when you're done with training, you should be able to kick a hole in a wall or knock out a moose with a single punch." "I would never hit a moose," said Clary. "They're endangered.” ― Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels
穿过星星 穿过月亮 试着遇见一个更好的自己 《励志》
“When I am an old man and I can remember nothing else, I will remember this moment. The first time my eyes beheld an angel in the flesh. “I will remember your body and your eyes, your beautiful face and breasts, your curves and this.” He traced his hand around her navel before dragging it lightly to the top of her lower curls. “I will remember your scent and your touch and how it felt to love you. But most of all, I will remember how it felt to gaze at true beauty, both inside and out. For you are fair, my beloved, in soul and in body, generous of spirit and generous of heart. And I will never see anything this side of heaven more beautiful tham you” ― Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Inferno
卦不敢算尽畏天道无常 情不敢至深恐大梦一场 —— 荀夜羽 《晴雪夜》
聋子听见哑巴说瞎子看见了爱情。
“You are more to me than any of them has any idea; you are the atmosphere of beauty through which I see life; you are the incarnation of all lovely things...I think of you day and night. ~ Letter to Lord Alfred 'Bosie' Douglas” ― Oscar Wilde
“His hands are saying that he wants to hold her. His feet are saying that he wants to chase after her... He's probably forgotten that I'm here, beside him” ― Ai Yazawa, 天使なんかじゃない―完全版 1 [Tenshi nanka janai - Kanzenban 1]
“You are", he says, "the absolute worst idea I've ever had.” ― Casey McQuiston, Red, White & Royal Blue
If you are willing, I will always love you. Would you like, I will never miss。 你要是愿意，我就永远爱你，你要不愿意，我就永远相思。 《吸血鬼日记》
“There are some experiences in life they haven't invented the right words for.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning
昨天别人在我身旁大声说出你的名字 这对于我 像从敞开的窗口扔进了一朵玫瑰花 —— 辛波斯卡 《我曾这样寂寞生活》
“We live in a dark and romantic and quite tragic world.” ― Karl Lagerfeld
人的一生都会扮演很多角色，如果你不高兴，你可以把剧本扔了。不过记住，有一份剧本是真正属于你的，千万别丢错了。 —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
说好永远的，不知怎么就散了。最后自己想来想去，竟然也搞不清楚当初是什么原因把彼此分开的。然后，你忽然醒悟，感情原来是这么脆弱的。经得起风雨，却经不起平凡......
“Find the things that matter, and hold on to them, and fight for them, and refuse to let them go.” ― Lauren Oliver, Delirium
暗恋是世界上最美丽的爱情。
你亲手把自己身边的人都推开还说自己怕孤独
“As a girl, she had come to believe in the ideal man -- the prince or knight of her childhood stories. In the real world, however, men like that simply didn't exist.” ― Nicholas Sparks, Message in a Bottle
“You had to be willing to fight in order for a love story to last a life time.” ― Cristina Marrero, The Unsung Love Story
友谊和爱情之间的区别在于：友谊意味着两个人和世界，然而爱情意味着两个人就是世界。
“I'll find you, don't worry. My body won't be with you all the time, but you'll always have my heart. I'm your worrier, remember?" "I'll never forget. I promise. I'm your High Priestess and you've pledged yourself to me. That means you have my heart, too." "Then both of us better stay safe. A heart's a hard thing to live without. I should know. I've tried it.” ― P.C. Cast + Kristen Cast
“This desire to govern a woman—it lies very deep, and men and women must fight it together.... But I do love you surely in a better way than he does." He thought. "Yes—really in a better way. I want you to have your own thoughts even when I hold you in my arms.” ― E.M. Forster, A Room with a View
“Good men are often more practical than pretty " said Mother. "Andrius just happens to be both.” ― Ruta Sepetys, Between Shades of Gray
故事的开头总是这样，适逢其会，猝不及防。故事的结局总是这样，花开两朵，天各一方。 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
我承认我很喜欢你，我也曾经为你，疯狂过、迷失过、伤心过，可我已经无法再说服自己再去爱你了，我们俩的世界离得太远了，我不能因为贪图自己一时的满足，而耽误了自己，也耽误了你。 —— 曾小贤 《爱情公寓》
“I want to try with someone who loves me enough to try with me. I want to grow old looking at the same face every morning. I want to grow old looking at the same face every night at the dinner table. I want to be one of those old couples you see still holding hands and laughing after fifty years of marriage. That's what I want. I want to be someone's forever.” ― Rachel Gibson, The Trouble With Valentine's Day
“I don't care where I come from or who you are. I can make you happy, and you make me happy. We could have a happily ever after.” ― Amanda Hocking, Torn
“Why is he scared of the dark?" I meant the words for a joke, but Shade nodded seriously. "Like all monsters. Because it reminds him of what he truly is".” ― Rosamund Hodge, Cruel Beauty
其实世上哪儿有什么一见钟情，所谓的一见钟情，不过是你终于遇到了你那个一直想要的人而已。人海茫茫，遇之是幸，不遇是命。 —— 大冰 《乖，摸摸头》
你， 一会看我， 一会看云。 我觉得， 你看我时很远， 你看云时很近。 —— 顾城 《远和近》
站在命运的彼端，两两相望，我曾拥有你，想起就心酸。 —— 周洪滨 《偷星九月天》
御水珠，三生情，十里红妆女儿愿。 寒冰戈，忆如沙，一语清辞胜千言。 魍魉计，望月心，千颜铁掌化曾经。 再相逢，燃命技，不枉树下来世愿。 战沙场，情未了，一朝称帝千古传。 雨落心，寻君影，身化青松仍相识。 着囚衣，南国宫，欢都公主痴念中。 相思浓，百年空，奈何涂山一抹红。 灭妖火，点情缘，五十年愿终实现。 初相见，唇上血，千古第一为红颜。 五彩棒，续前缘，五百年缘终相见。 破阳炎，地寒天，泪中再见忆中颜。 素衣着，泪情诗，待你未归人潮逝。 清瞳月，兵人剑，相视一笑轻王权。 易千颜，情不改，若忘此生来世忆。 再相逢，不相认，一点缘孽如浮生。 —— 庹小新 《狐妖小红娘》
“Love is not a consequence. Love is not a choice. Love is a thirst. A need as vital to the soul as water is to the body. Love is a precious draught that not only soothes a parched throat, but it vitalizes a man. It fortifies him enough that he is willing to slay dragons for the woman who offers it. Take that draught of love from me and I will shrivel to dust. To take it from a man dying of thirst and give it to another whilst he watches is a cruelty I never thought you capable of.” ― Colleen Houck
“The door banged open, and Eve rushed out, flushed and mussed and still buttoning her shirt. 'It's not what you think,' she said. 'It was just—oh, okay, whatever, it was exactly what you think. Now, what?” ― Rachel Caine, Lord of Misrule
“Once upon a time there was a silence that dreamed of becoming a song, and then I found you, and now everything is music.” ― Laini Taylor, Muse of Nightmares
永远不要轻言等待，等待是多么奢侈的东西。电影里，只需镜头切换，字幕上出现几行小字 —— 二十年以后。然后红颜白发，一切都有了结局，而现在的人生，三年五载，其中哪一秒不需要生生地捱，一辈子真长。 —— 辛夷坞 《晨昏》
“She craved a tall glass of the fresh-squeezed lemonade from the pitcher she’d left chilling in the fridge. Two glasses served with a generous slice of pound cake with orange glaze icing sounded twice as nice.” ― Ed Lynskey, Fur the Win
“Please, touch me, I pray.” ― Jess C Scott, The Intern
“To fall in love with someone's thoughts - the most intimate, splendid romance.” ― Sanober Khan
“Of course. Silly me. Such a sad, exciting score, which no doubt you can play? So many accomplishments, Mr. Grey.” “And the greatest one is you, Miss Steele.” ― E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey
无论如何，现在要做的就是多休息，吹吹风。然后，吃些蜂蜜。就像进入冬眠的熊一样。重要的是，不要被那些你不在场时流逝的时间所囚禁。因为，那里并没有你。 —— 森绘都 《再次遇见你》
有些事，你把它藏在心里也许更好，等时间长了，回过头去看它，也就变成了故事. 《似水年华》
“Its been six weeks," he murmured. "Six weeks I've wanted you. I know how you move, and how the sunlight makes a shadow on the curve of your cheek, and the shape of your ear." He chucked harshly then turned his head on the pillow to look at her. "I'm dying," he said. He dropped his fist against his chest. "Right here, you're killing me.” ― Laura Kinsale, The Prince of Midnight
“A lot of men wouldn't like being called a romantic. It's not macho enough.' Quite often men are fools.” ― P.C. Cast, Goddess of Light
生命是一袭华美的袍，爬满了蚤子。 —— 张爱玲 《天才梦》
帝王：待我君临天下，许你四海为家； 国臣：待我了无牵挂，许你浪迹天涯； 将军：待我半生戎马，许你共话桑麻； 书生：待我功成名达，许你花前月下； 侠客：待我名满华夏，许你放歌纵马； 琴师：待我弦断音垮，许你青丝白发； 面首：待我不再有她，许你淡饭粗茶； 情郎：待我高头大马，许你嫁衣红霞； 农夫：待我富贵荣华，许你十里桃花； 僧人：待我一袭袈裟，许你相思放下。
只愿君心似我心，定不负相思意。 —— 李之仪 《卜算子·我住长江头》
答案很长，我准备用一生的时间来回答，你准备要听了吗？
“I make love with a focus and intensity that most people reserve for sleep.” ― Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.
“Hugh and I have been together for so long that in order to arouse extraordinary passion, we need to engage in physical combat. Once, he hit me on the back of the head with a broken wineglass, and I fell to the floor pretending to be unconscious. That was romantic, or would have been had he rushed to my side rather than stepping over my body to fetch the dustpan.” ― David Sedaris, Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim
“Maybe you could be mine / or maybe we’ll be entwined / aimless in this sexless foreplay.” ― Jess C Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel
你在我的心里留下了一样东西，那时候我很年轻，并不明白那是什么。若干个日子过去了，它发芽生长，开花结果，我才知道那是一颗良善的种子，它让我更有决心，也更有信心，要成为一个更好的人。
幸得识卿桃花面，从此阡陌多暖春。 —— 北大中文系 《北大中文系》
希望你能记住我，记住我曾这样存在过。 —— 村上春树 《挪威的森林》
你再出去晒晒太阳吧，晒得再黑一点，就没人叫你白痴了！ —— 关谷神奇 《爱情公寓》
送行时对你说”保重哦” 但真正想说的 其实是”带上我” —— 北川理惠 《三行情书》
生亦何欢，死亦何苦 —— 周星驰 《大话西游》
当我对所有的事情都厌倦的时候，我就会想到你，想到你在世界的某个地方生活着，存在着，我就愿意忍受一切。你的存在对我很重要。 —— 赛尔乔・莱翁 《美国往事》
“In our twenties, when there is still so much time ahead of us, time that seems ample for a hundred indecisions, for a hundred visions and revisions—we draw a card, and we must decide right then and there whether to keep that card and discard the next, or discard the first card and keep the second. And before we know it, the deck has been played out and the decisions we have just made will shape our lives for decades to come.” ― Amor Towles, Rules of Civility
人世间有百媚千红，唯独你是我情之所钟。 —— 沧海遗墨 《倾尽天下之乱世繁华》
“Sometimes you know you've got a chance with a girl because she wants to fight with you. If the world wasn't so messed up, it wouldn't be like that. If the world was normal, a girl being nice to you would be a good sign, but in the real world, it isn't.” ― Nick Hornby
“Hey, our hair's the same color," I said, eying us side by side in the mirror. "Sure is, girlfriend." Eric grinned at me.” ― Charlaine Harris, Living Dead in Dallas
“何为美人？” “纤手，漾眸，柔腰肢。” “可否具体？” “橘子香气。” “可否再具体？” “汝。” 《网易云评论》
“She'd secretly had a crush on him since they were twelve years old. Last summer, she'd fallen for him hard.” ― Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena
“A real relationship is two-way.” ― Sophie Kinsella, Can You Keep a Secret?
曾经发生的事不可能忘记，只是暂时想不起来而已。 ―钱婆婆 —— 宫崎骏 《千与千寻》
“ When you're in love you never really know whether your elation comes from the qualities of the one you love, or if it attributes them to her; whether the light which surrounds her like a halo comes from you, from her, or from the meeting of your sparks.” ― Natalie Clifford Barney
“Plan B?' Ivy said. 'What is plan B?' Jenks reddened. 'Grab the fish and run like hell,' he muttered, and I almost giggled.” ― Kim Harrison, A Fistful of Charms
不要总在过去的回忆里缠绵，昨天的太阳，晒不干今天的衣裳！ —— 陈可辛 《中国合伙人》
你的过去我不愿过问，那是你的事情。你的未来我希望参与，这是我的荣幸。 —— 华生 《神探夏洛克》
“I recall certain moments, let us call them icebergs in paradise, when after having had my fill of her –after fabulous, insane exertions that left me limp and azure-barred–I would gather her in my arms with, at last, a mute moan of human tenderness (her skin glistening in the neon light coming from the paved court through the slits in the blind, her soot-black lashes matted, her grave gray eyes more vacant than ever–for all the world a little patient still in the confusion of a drug after a major operation)–and the tenderness would deepen to shame and despair, and I would lull and rock my lone light Lolita in my marble arms, and moan in her warm hair, and caress her at random and mutely ask her blessing, and at the peak of this human agonized selfless tenderness (with my soul actually hanging around her naked body and ready to repent), all at once, ironically, horribly, lust would swell again–and 'oh, no,' Lolita would say with a sigh to heaven, and the next moment the tenderness and the azure–all would be shattered.” ― Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita
“Take my hand and we'll make it - I swear” ― Bon Jovi, Best of Bon Jovi
有时候，我们必须闭上嘴，放下骄傲，承认是自己错了。这不是认输，而是成长。
每当我找到成功的钥匙，就有人把锁给换了！ 《爱情公寓》
“With a chaste heart With pure eyes I celebrate your beauty Holding the leash of blood So that it might leap out and trace your outline Where you lie down in my Ode As in a land of forests or in surf In aromatic loam, or in sea music Beautiful nude Equally beautiful your feet Arched by primeval tap of wind or sound Your ears, small shells Of the splendid American sea Your breasts of level plentitude Fulfilled by living light Your flying eyelids of wheat Revealing or enclosing The two deep countries of your eyes The line your shoulders have divided into pale regions Loses itself and blends into the compact halves of an apple Continues separating your beauty down into two columns of Burnished gold Fine alabaster To sink into the two grapes of your feet Where your twin symmetrical tree burns again and rises Flowering fire Open chandelier A swelling fruit Over the pact of sea and earth From what materials Agate? Quartz? Wheat? Did your body come together? Swelling like baking bread to signal silvered hills The cleavage of one petal Sweet fruits of a deep velvet Until alone remained Astonished The fine and firm feminine form It is not only light that falls over the world spreading inside your body Yet suffocate itself So much is clarity Taking its leave of you As if you were on fire within The moon lives in the lining of your skin.” ― Pablo Neruda
对谁都很温柔，就说明谁都不重要，明确到底谁才是最重要的，也是一种温柔吧。 《请与废柴的我谈恋爱》
暗恋成了一种习惯，卑微已经根植在了骨子里，刮骨疗毒都抹不干净。 —— 八月长安 《暗恋》
“I am as wrapped up in her as a vine that clings to a tree seeking for sustenance. She’s tied me to her for eternity. She’s my home. She’s my reason for being. To win and hold her heart is my only purpose.” ― Colleen Houck
“James - "Are you paying attention or just trying to make me look like an idoit?" Elizabeth - "Oh, I'm definately paying attention. If you look like an idiot it has nothing to do with me.” ― Julia Quinn, How to Marry a Marquis
“I would prefer a sword to fight duel, but a pen to plan a war.” ― Robert Thier, Storm and Silence
睡眠的拼音是shuimian，失眠的拼音是shimian，辗转反侧夜不能寐，只因少了一个u
“Either get out of bed or else take your clothes off," he said. "I'm not in the mood to compromise.” ― Janet Evanovich
“Unless you stop him. Perhaps next we meet." "You'll be just as annoying?" I guessed. He fixed my with those warm brown eyes. "Or perhaps you could bring me up to speed on those modern courtship rituals." I sat there stunned until he gave me a glimpse of a smile-just enough to let me know he was teasing. Then he disappeared. "Oh, very funny!" I yelled.” ― Rick Riordan, The Red Pyramid
“When would he learn that women never stayed where you put them?” ― Maya Banks, Hidden Away
“He [Ranger] stopped in front of my parents' house, and we both looked to the door. My mother and my grandmother were standing there, watching us. "I'm not sure I feel comfortable about the way your grandma looks at me," Ranger said. [Stephanie] "She wants to see you naked." "I wish you hadn't told me that, babe." "Everyone I know wants to see you naked." "And you?" "Never crossed my mind." I held my breath when I said it, and I hoped God wouldn't stike me down dead for lying.” ― Janet Evanovich, Hard Eight
某年某月某日，我看了你一眼，并不深刻。 某年某月某日，和你相识，无关心动。 怎知日子一久，你就三三两两懒懒幽幽，停在我的心上。
“He shook his head. "The next time I hear a women going on about how neurotic men are, I'm going to remember this. You tell me you like my body, and what do I say? I say, thank you. Then I tell you I like yours and what do I hear? A long lists of grievances.” ― Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Kiss an Angel
我没有很刻意的去想念你，我只是在很多很多的小瞬间，想起你。比如一部电影，一首歌，一句歌词，一条马路和无数个闭上眼睛的瞬间。
“Women were supposed to be the enigmas, but men? Moody, brooding bastards, the lot of them. A woman with PMS had nothing on a man. Where women might get hormonal once a month, men suffered their own brand of PMS on a daily basis. - Faith” ― Maya Banks, Sweet Surrender
喜欢你的人很多，不缺我一个。我喜欢的人很少，除了你就没了。
我觉得这个世界美好无比。晴时满树花开，雨天一湖涟漪，阳光席卷城市，微风穿越指间，入夜每个电台播放的情歌，沿途每条山路铺开的影子，全部是你不经意写的一字一句，留我年复一年朗读。这世界是你的遗嘱，而我是你唯一的遗物。 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
“That this girl would know exactly how to shatter me.” ― Tahereh Mafi, Destroy Me
“Usually my form of turning someone down was shoving a stake through his heart while smirking, Gotcha!” ― Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave
喜欢你，很久了。等你，也很久了。现在，我要离开，比很久很久还要久…… —— 几米 《想你了，你却不知道》
喜欢你，因为我喜欢你，比世界上的任何一个人都喜欢你。 —— 青山刚昌 《名侦探柯南》
“If I weren't standing next to your boyfriend, I'd be tempted to ask you out myself." She blushes, and St. Clair bounds inside the box office and wrestles her into a hug. "Miiiiiiiiine!" he says. "Cut it out." Anna pushes him off, laughing. "You'll get fired. And then I'll have to support your sorry arse for the rest of our lives.” ― Stephanie Perkins, Lola and the Boy Next Door
从不温柔、从不体贴、从不讲理、说不得、打不得、骂不得、惹不得.....新三从四德 —— 胡一菲 《爱情公寓》
我甚至一秒也没拥有过你，却好像失去了你一万次。 —— 西门龙霆 《拒嫁豪门：少奶奶99次出逃》
“If you love someone, why would you want that person to change?” ― Hailey Abbott, Getting Lost with Boys
“I have fallen in love with you, and there is no future for us. That you burst into my life suddenly only a short time ago. That it's too fast, too soon, and you will leave the same way you came into my life. I'll turn around one day and you'll be gone.” ― Rachel Gibson, Lola Carlyle Reveals All
如果暗恋者是哑的,那么,被爱的那个人,便是盲的。 —— 西岭雪 《两生花》
“Vampires. Honestly, they're like children sometimes. ” ― Richelle Mead, Succubus Blues
我不好，但全世界只有一个我。珍惜也好，不珍惜也罢。如果哪一天你把我弄丢了，我不会让你再找到我。友情也好，爱情也罢。我若离去，后会无期。
“Love is a game of tic-tac-toe, constantly waiting for the next x or o.” ― Lang Leav
“Having sex multiple times on the first sleepover does not count as more than one “date”…” ― Rowena Cherry, Knight's Fork
“He kissed me wildly, overwhelming me like a giant wave rushing to shore. I was soon lost in the turbulent grasp of his embrace and yet…I knew I was safe. His wild kiss drove me, pushed me, asked me questions I was unwilling to consider. But I was cherished by this dark Poseidon, and though he had the power to crush me utterly, to drown me in the purple depths of his wake, he held me aloft, separate. His passionate kiss changed. It gentled and soothed and entreated. Together we drifted towards a safe harbor. The god of the sea set me down securely on a sandy beach and steadied me as I trembled. Effervescent tingles shot through my limbs delighting me with surges of sparkling sensation like sandy toes tickled by bubbly waves. Finally, the waves moved away and I felt my Poseidon watching me from a distance. We looked at each other knowing we were forever changed by the experience. We both knew that I would always belong to the sea and that I would never be able to part from it and be whole again.” ― Colleen Houck
在我安定下来，找到一个适合的终生伴侣之前，我得先找到我自己。 —— 林宛瑜 《爱情公寓》
“Poor fellow! I think he is in love with you.' I am not aware of it. And to me it is one of the most odious things in a girl's life, that there must always be some supposition of falling in love coming between her and any man who is kind to her... I have no ground for the nonsensical vanity of fancying everybody who comes near me is in love with me.” ― George Eliot
你再不来，我要下雪了。 —— 木心 《云雀叫了一整天》
遇见你是命运的安排，成为了朋友是我的选择，而爱上你是我无法控制的意外。 —— HANS 《阿狸・梦之城堡》
入我相思门，知我相思苦。 —— 李白 《三五七言 / 秋风词》
“You are what happiness means to me. And I would rather have today with you than forever with anyone else.” ― Michelle Hodkin, The Retribution of Mara Dyer
“七夕快到了，你有什么想做的吗？” “有。” “什么啊？” “炸了鹊桥，能少一对是一对。”
“V shook his head. “Remember what you saw in that clearing, cop? How’d you like that anywhere near a female you loved?” Butch put down the Bud without drinking from it. His eyes traveled over Rhage’s body. “We’re going to need a shitload of steel,” the human muttered.” ― J.R. Ward, Lover Eternal
“I have so much love for you, I could fill rooms with it. Buildings. You’re surrounded by it wherever you go, you walk through it, breathe it...it’s in your lungs, and under your tongue, and between your fingers and toes...” His mouth moved passionately over hers, urging her lips apart. It was a kiss to level mountains and shake stars from the sky. It was a kiss to make angels faint and demons weep...a passionate, demanding, soul-searing kiss that nearly knocked the earth off its axis. Or at least that was how Poppy felt about it.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Tempt Me at Twilight
“She had been forced into prudence in her youth, she learned romance as she grew older: the natural sequel of an unnatural beginning.” ― Jane Austen , Persuasion
别以为世界抛弃了你，世界压根就没搭理你。 ——陈美嘉《爱情公寓》 —— 爱情公寓 《爱情公寓》
骑白马的不一定是王子，也可能是唐僧… 会烧香的不一定是和尚，也可能是熊猫… 有刺青的不一定是坏人，也可能是岳飞~ 会飞的不一定是大鸟，也可能是李宁 《爱情公寓》
世人谓我恋长安，其实只恋长安某。 —— 殊同 《我亦好歌亦好酒》
“I’ve never been the one. Not for anybody.” He closed the distance between them. “You’ll get used to it.” He tipped her face up to his, kissed her. “Why? Why am I the one?” “Because my life opened up, and it flooded with color when you walked back into it.” ― Nora Roberts, Vision in White
“He shrank from hearing Margaret's very name mentioned; he, while he blamed her – while he was jealous of her – while he renounced her – he loved her sorely, in spite of himself.” ― Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South
“History, huh?” ― Casey McQuiston, Red, White & Royal Blue
少年听雨歌楼上，红烛昏罗帐。壮年听雨客舟中，江阔云低，断雁叫西风。 而今听雨僧庐下，鬓已星星也。悲欢离合总无情。一任阶前，点滴到天明。 —— 蒋捷 《虞美人・听雨》
你不在，我也过得很好。但是，这并不代表你不重要。 《十年一品温如言》
你记得也好， 最好你忘掉。 —— 徐志摩 《偶然》
我 只在做一件事的时候才会想你 那就是呼吸 《三行情书》
你应该去喜欢一个 活泼 童颜 优雅 聪明 懂事 细腻 缜密 健康 能干 勤劳 阳光 积极 好学 呆萌 忠心 善良 坚强 坚定 果断 勇敢 独立 团结 礼貌 优美 义气 智慧 大度 豁达 宽容 谦虚 开朗 专心 乐观 热心 感恩 孝顺 通情达理 善解人意的人 比如我
每个嘴上说不想谈恋爱的人，心里都装着一个不可能的人。
“Come on, it’s an American tradition. Apple soup? Mom’s homemade chicken pie?' She chuckled in spite of herself, then winced. 'It’s apple pie and Mom’s homemade chicken soup. But you didn’t do badly, for a start.” ― L.J. Smith, Nightfall
“Yeah, tell me I’m a bottle of single malt scotch, she thought. That’s the way to my heart.” ― L.J. Smith, Nightfall
树在，山在，大地在，岁月在，我在，你还要怎样更好的世界？ —— 张晓风 《我在》
“Listen, I'm bossy. I can't help it. It's who I am and what I do. I'm pushy and I like to take over. But I'm going to work really hard not to do so much and your going to try and accept me the way I am. Flaws and all. Because I'm good in bed and I can carry heavy things and reach all the high shelves.” ― Lauren Dane, Coming Undone
主动久了会很累，在乎久了会崩溃。沉默久了会受罪，想念久了会流泪。
你欺骗我的样子万般投入，我又怎么舍得让你输 —— 宫缘乾 《蝉女》
“Maybe sometimes we can only see the truth about ourselves if someone shows us where to look.” ― Michelle Hodkin, The Retribution of Mara Dyer
“For there are no limits to the stars; their numbers are infinite. Which is precisely why I measure my love for you by them. An amount too boundless to count.” ― Kerri Maniscalco, Hunting Prince Dracula
“...when you decide you want to be with someone forever, you want forever to start right now.” ― Alexandra Potter, Do You Come Here Often?
“It was finally becoming clear to her that love wasn't about finding someone perfect to marry. Love was about seeing through to the truth of a person, and accepting all their shades of light and dark. Love was an ability.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Tempt Me at Twilight
优柔寡断我喜欢，毫无斗志我也喜欢，一个人什么事情都做不了，我还是喜欢，感觉迟钝我喜欢，你的笑脸我最喜欢。 —— 岩井俊二 《虹之间》
“...He kissed me again, farther up my neck, and I pushed him back against the wall. My mind searched for the logical thought, a rational life raft before I drowned in wanting to hiss him. I managed, "We've only met a few days ago. We don't know each other." Luke released me. "How long does it take to know someone?" I didn't know. "A month? A few months?" It sounded stupid to quantify it, especially when I didn't want to believe my own reasoning. But I couldn't just go kissing someone I knew nothing about-- it went against everything I'd ever been told. So why was it so hard to say no? He took my fingers, playing with them in between his own. "I'll wait." He looked so good in the half-light under the trees, his light eyes nearly glowing against his shadowed skin. It was useless. "I don't want you to." I whispered the words, and before I'd even finished saying them, his mouth was on mine and I was melting under his lips.” ― Maggie Stiefvater, Lament: The Faerie Queen's Deception
浮世万千，吾爱有三。 日，月与卿。 日为朝，月为暮， 卿为朝朝暮暮。
我喜欢你 认真且怂 从一而终.
瀑布的水逆流而上， 蒲公英种子从远处飘回，聚成伞的模样， 太阳从西边升起，落向东方。 子弹退回枪膛， 运动员回到起跑线上， 我交回录取通知书，忘了十年寒窗。 厨房里飘来饭菜的香， 你把我的卷子签好名字， 关掉电视，帮我把书包背上。 你还在我身旁。 —— 香港中文大学微情书大赛 《你还在我身旁》
你剥开一个橘子，发现很酸，就把它丢了，可是你知道吗，那就是它的全部。
这个世界上最残忍的一句话，不是对不起，也不是我恨你，而是，我们再也回不去。 —— 夏七夕 《我和你的笑忘书之蓝色气球和苏夏》
我一直在想，我到底是喜欢你， 还是需要一个影子，放在心里，让我喜欢。
“A quiet but indomitable voice behind me said, “I believe this is my dance.” It was him. I could feel his presence. The warmth of him seeped into my back, and I quivered all over like spring leaves in a warm breeze.” ― Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse
每一次告别，最好用力一点。多说一句，可能是最后一句。多看一眼，可能是最后一眼。 —— 韩寒 《后会无期(韩寒电影)》
“何为孤寂？”“清风，艳日，无笑意。”“可否具体？”“左拥，右抱，无情欲。”“可否再具体？”“不得你。” “何为美人？”“纤手，漾眸，柔腰肢。”“可否具体？”“橘子香气。”“可否再具体？”“汝。” “何为思兮？”“惦念，不语，乱了心。”“可否具体？”“失神差可拟。”“可否再具体？”“哪里都是你。” “何为幸？”“考功名，登龙门，两袖清风。”“可否具体？”“居高位，掌大权，坐拥天下。”“可否再具体？”“独有你。” “何为不甘？”“求之不得。”“可否具体？”“得而失之。”“可否再具体？”“得你、失你。” “何为伴侣？”“柴米，油盐，木栅栏”“可否具体？”“粗茶，淡饭，执子手”“可否再具体？”“和你。” 《网易云音乐评论》
他喜欢她，无关爱情。她幸福了，于是他也幸福了。 —— 宫崎骏 《千与千寻》
你来人间一趟，你要看看太阳， 和你的心上人，一起走在街上。 —— 海子 《夏天的太阳》
“There was nowhere I could go that wouldn't be you.” ― Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex
“Lately I can't help wanting us to be like other people. For example, if I were a smoker, you'd lift a match to the cigarette just as I put it between my lips. It's never been like that between us: none of that easy chemistry, no quick, half automatic flares. Everything between us had to be learned. Saturday finds me brooding behind my book, all my fantasies of seduction run up against the rocks. Tell me again why you don't like sex in the afternoon? No, don't tell me-- I'll never understand you never understand us, America's strangest loving couple: they never drink a bottle of wine together and rarely look at each other. Into each other's eyes, I mean.” ― Deborah Garrison, A Working Girl Can't Win
“I feel…and I have reason to believe…that we could come to mean something to each other.” ― Colleen Houck
如果世界真的不喜欢你，那世界就是我的敌人了。 —— 江南 《龙族》
“If I looked like him,” Tara said. “I’d want to have sex with myself. All the time.” ― Jill Shalvis, Simply Irresistible
你微微地笑着，不同我说什么话。而我觉得，为了这个，我已等待得很久了。 —— 泰戈尔 《飞鸟集》
“I feel as though I am ice and he is fire. We are so completely different, yet the same.” ― Anna Todd, After
一个人害怕孤独，两个人害怕辜负 —— 刘同 《你的孤独，虽败犹荣》
长相思兮长相忆，短相思兮无穷极，早知如此绊人心，何若当初无相识。 —— 李白 《秋风词(李白)》
“I believe the stars align so souls can find one another. Whether they are meant to be souls in love or souls in life remains to be seen.” ― Renee Ahdieh, Flame in the Mist
我肯定成不了最配你的人，可是我要用最好的我来配你。 —— 顾漫 《杉杉来吃》
“It is impossible to manufacture or imitate love.” ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
他不是你喜欢的那种人，却是你喜欢的那个人。 —— 张皓宸 《你是最好的自己》
你怎么能说他脑子进水了呢？前提是，也要有脑子啊。 《爱情公寓》
遇见是两个人的事，离开却是一个人的决定，遇见是一个开始，离开却是为了遇见下一个离开。这是一个流行离开的世界，但是我们都不擅长告别。 —— 米兰・昆德拉 《生活在别处》
你是我半生里消磨不尽的颓唐 蹉跎岁月亦难忘却的痴心妄想
“True love is finding your soulmate in your best friend” ― Faye Hall, My Gift to You
这个世界上有六十几亿人口 但某个瞬间 只有这一个人 就能敌得过千军万马 四海潮生 —— 独木舟 《月亮说它忘记了》
“And it is you, spirit--with will and energy, and virtue and purity--that I want, not alone with your brittle frame.” ― Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre
男人是泥，女人是水。泥多了，水浊；水多了，泥稀。不多不少，捏两个泥人――好一对神仙眷侣。 —— 三毛 《亲爱的三毛》
其实最难过的不是分手，而是分手以后，你发现她还是过得挺好的，很快有了新的男朋友，有了新的生活。而你这可怜虫还活在过去，梦中有她，醒来后的那种怅然若失，突然感觉特别对不起自己，还把自己弄得一团糟。突然就很想念以前的那段感情，我的世界谁都不像你，你的世界谁都可以是我。 ――网易云热评《忘了我》Fine乐团
“Why is everything always my decision?" I asked. Because you will not tolerate anything else." Oh, I remembered now. "Great", I whispered. - Anita to Jean-Claude” ― Laurell K. Hamilton, Cerulean Sins
斯人若彩虹，遇上方知有。 —— 文德琳・范・德拉安南 《怦然心动》
“When we first met, I didn't want to get involved with anyone. I didn't have the time or energy, and I wasn't sure that I was ready for it. But you were so good to me, and I got swept up in that. And little by little, I found myself falling in love with you.” ― Nicholas Sparks
No man or woman is worth your tears, and the one who is, won‘t make you cry. 没有人值得你流泪，值得让你这么做的人不会让你哭泣。
“那时候我眼光不好，喜欢了就喜欢了，没有办法。” —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
你泼墨了墙角残缺的欲言，于是就渲染出一个没有跌宕的夏天 —— 郭敬明 《夏至未至》
“I heard you were a player , okay , lets play a game. We'll flirt, play fights, talk 24/7, say goodmorning and goodnight every day, give each other nicknames, hang out, talk on the phone for hours, take cute pictures together, make promises to each other and hold each other. And whoever falls in love first, loses.” ― Lyla Tyela Belikov
“For many, love is a two-sided coin. It can strengthen or stifle, expand or enfeeble, perfect or pauperize. When love is returned, we soar. We are taken to heights unseen, where it delights, invigorates, and beautifies. When love is spurned, we feel crippled, disconsolate, and bereaved. Polish the coin and you will see only requited love on both sides. I was destined to love you and I will belong to you forever.” ― Colleen Houck
“There is darkness in light, there is pain in joy, and there are thorns on the rose.” ― Cate Tiernan
“He smiled at that, and then his gaze shifted to a spot over my shoulder and it faded. 'These doubts wouldn’t have anything to do with the company you’re keeping of late, would they?' I didn’t get a chance to answer before the shop door was thrown open and a furious war mage stomped in. Pritkin spotted me and his eyes narrowed. 'You shaved my legs?!' Mircea looked at me and folded his arms across his chest. I looked from one unhappy face to the other and suddenly remembered that I had somewhere else to be.” ― Karen Chance, Curse the Dawn
“I look down at our knees, slightly touching. Jeans against jeans. Does she notice the heat transferring from her body to mine? Does she even realize what she's doing to me? I know, I know. I'm not a virgin and the slightest touch of a girl's knee is driving me insane. I don't even know what I'm feeling for Maggie, I just know that I'm feeling. It's something I've tried to avoid and deny until yesterday, when I held her in my arms while her tears spilled onto my shirt. God, our knees touching isn't enough. I need more. She's knotting her fingers together on her lap as if she doesn't know what to do with them. I want to touch her, but what if she pulls away like before? I've never been such a wuss with a girl in my life. I bite my bottom lip as I slide my hand about millionth of a millimeter closer to her hand. She doesn't seem fazed so I move closer. And closer. When the tips of my fingers touch her wrist, she freezes. But she doesn't jerk her hand away. God, her skin is so soft, I think as my fingers trail a path from her wrist to her knuckles to her smooth, manicured nails. I swear touching her like this is driving me nuts. It's more erotic, more intense than any other time with Kendra. I feel awkward and inexperienced as a freshman again. I look up. Everyone else is oblivious to the intensity of emotions running rampant in the back of the public bus. When I look back down at my hand covering hers, I'm grateful she hasn't come to her senses and pulled away. As if she knows my thoughts, we both turn our hands at the same time so our hands are palm against palm...finger against finger. Her hand is dwarfed against mine. It makes her seem more delicate and petite than I'd realize. I feel a need to protect her and be her champion should she ever need one. With a slight shift of my hand, I lace my fingers through hers. I'm holding hands. With Maggie Armstrong. I'm not even going to think about how wrong it is because it feels so right. She's avoided looking right at me, but now she turns her head and our eyes lock. God, how come I never noticed before how long her lashes were and how her brown eyes have specks of gold that sparkle when the sun shine on them? The bus stops suddenly and I look out the window. It's our stop. She must have realized this because she pulls her hand away from mine and stands. I follow behind, still reeling.” ― Simone Elkeles , Leaving Paradise
我要的不多，一杯清水，一片面包，一句我爱你；如果奢侈一点，我希望：水是你亲手倒的，面包是你亲手切的，我爱你是你亲口对我说的
狐狸说：“对我来说，你只是一个小男孩，就像其他成千上万个小男孩一样没有什么两样。我不需要你。你也不需要我。对你来说，我也只是一只狐狸，和其他成千上万的狐狸没有什么不同。但是，如果你驯养了我，我们就会彼此需要。对我来说，你就是我的世界里独一无二的了；我对你来说，也是你的世界里的唯一了。” —— 安东尼・德・圣-埃克苏佩里 《小王子》
“Tell you what, you let me go, and I’ll ask you plenty of questions about your race. Until then, I’m slightly distracted with how this little vacation on the good ship Holy Sh*t is going to pan out for me.” ― J.R. Ward, Lover Unbound
“Waiting is erotic” ― irene nemirovsky, Suite Française
“She was an idiot. An adorable, gorgeous, feisty, funny, sweet, sexy idiot.” ― Sarah Mayberry, Her Best Friend
“If you love Alex now, then love him forever. Make him laugh again, and cherish the time you spend together. Take walks and ride your bikes, curl up on the couch and watch movies beneath a blanket. Make him breakfast, but don't spoil him. Let him make breakfast for you as well, so he can show you he thinks you're special. Kiss him and make love to him and consider yourself lucky for having met him, for he's the kind of man who'll prove you right.” ― Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven
古代最美的谎言： 1.帝王：待我君临天下，许你四海为家； 2.国臣：待我了无牵挂，许你浪迹天涯； 3.将军：待我半生戎马，许你共话桑麻； 4.书生：待我功成名达，许你花前月下； 5.侠客：待我名满华夏，许你当歌纵马； 6.琴师：待我弦断音垮，许你青丝白发； 7.面首：待我不再有她，许你淡饭粗茶； 8.情郎：待我高头大马，许你嫁衣红霞； 9.农夫：待我富贵荣华，许你十里桃花； 10.僧人：待我一袭袈裟，许你相思放下。
你走，我不送你；你来，无论多大的风雨，我要去接你。 —— 梁实秋 《送行》
“I been watchin' you, workin day and night, slavin so hard you barely have time to catch your breath. People do that for three reasons. Either they crazy, or stupid, or tryin' to forget.” ― Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook
世间所有的相遇，都是久别重逢。 —— 白落梅 《世间所有相遇都是久别重逢》
有一天女孩问男孩：ABCDEFG是什么意思？男孩回答：A boy can do everything for girl。
世界上最爱我的女人已经让我爸娶了 世界上最爱我的男人已经嫁给了我妈
一见钟情,明明是见色起意. 日久生情,不过是权衡利弊. 连白头到老, 都只是习惯使然. —— 安逸 《这咬人的爱》
“Agreed," I say. "It's going to be a long hour." "Maybe not that long," says Peeta." what was that you were saying just before the food arrived? Something about me ... no competition ... best thing that ever happened to you ... " " I don't remember that last part," I say, hoping it's too dim in here for the cameras to pick up my blush. " Oh, that's right. That's what I was thinking," he says " Scoot over, I'm freezing.” ― Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games
“The trick is finding a person whose flaws don't drive you crazy...you know...someone whose flaws you can live with...someone who can stand your flaws, too.” ― Marcia Lynn McClure
世界对着它的爱人，把他浩瀚的面具揭下来。它变小了，小如一首歌，小如一回永恒的接吻。 —— 泰戈尔 《飞鸟集》
“You are enough to drive a saint to madness or a king to his knees.” ― Grace Willows, To Kiss a King
“The culture of women in the church today is crippled by some very pervasive lies. "To be spiritual is to be busy. To be spiritual is to be disciplined. To be spiritual is to be dutiful." No, to be spiritual is to be in Romance with God. The desire to be romanced lies deep in the heart of every women. It is for such that you were made. Are you ARE romanced, and ever will be.” ― John Elderedge
“His hand glides down my arm, folds over my hand. His fingers lace with mine, palms kissing. I can feel the fast thud of his heart through this single touch.” ― Sophie Jordan, Firelight
“I want him to love me as much as I love him.” ― L.J. Smith, The Awakening
一生只谈一次恋爱是最好的，经历的太多了，会麻木；分离多了，会习惯；换恋人多了，会比较；到最后，你不会再相信爱情。其实对于爱情，越单纯越幸福！
“Star-crossed lovers desperate to get home together. Two hearts beating as one. Romance.” ― Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games
“You're a dream. Like everything else.” ― Kelly Creagh, Nevermore
我知道何时止步，何时放手，何时前行。但是，我“知道”不代表我“能够”。
“Karena kecanggungan tidak pernah ada di antara dua orang yang tidak ada apa-apanya. So maybe there is something between us.” ― Ika Natassa, Antologi Rasa
你可知那句“待我长发及腰”的原句有多美？ 这是一封书信: 待我长发及腰，将军归来可好？此身君子意逍遥，怎料山河萧萧。天光乍破遇，暮雪白头老。 寒剑默听奔雷，长枪独守空壕。醉卧沙场君莫笑，一夜吹彻画角。江南晚来客，红绳结发梢。 【回信】： 待卿长发及腰，我必凯旋回朝。昔日纵马任逍遥，俱是少年英豪。东都霞色好，西湖烟波渺。执枪血战八方，誓守山河多娇。应有得胜归来日，与卿共度良宵。盼携手终老，愿与子同袍。
“I know I want you," he heard himself say, all his vows and his honor all forgotten. She stood before him naked as her name day, and he was as hard as the rock around them. He had been in her half a hundred times by now, but always beneath furs, with others all around them. He had never seeen how beautiful she was. Her legs were skinny and well muscled, the hair at the juncture of her thighs a brighter red than that on her head. Does that make it even luckier? He pulled her close. "I love the smell of you," he said. "I love your red hair. I love your mouth, and the way you kiss me. I love your smile. I love your teats." He kissed them, one and then the other. "I love your skinny legs, and what's between them." He knelt to kiss her there, lightly on her mound at first, but Ygritte moved her legs apart a little, and he saw the pink inside and kissed that as well, and tasted her. She gave a little gasp. "If you love me all so much, why are you still dressed?" she whispered. "You know nothing, Jon Snow. Noth---oh. Oh. OHHH." Afterward, she was almost shy, or as shy as Ygritte ever got. "The thing you did," she said, when they lay together on their piled clothes. "With your...mouth." She hesistated. "Is that...is it what lordss do to their ladies, down in the south?" "I don't think so." No one had ever told Jon just what lords did with their ladies. "I only...wanted to kiss you there, that's all. You seemed to like it." "Aye. I...I liked it some. No one taught you such?" "There's been no one," he confessed. "Only you.” ― George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords
五月是一个充满可能的月份，只有在五月，“May I love you”才能由“我可以爱你吗”翻译成“在五月，我爱你。”早 《新浪女性》
用我三生烟火，换你一世迷离。 —— 蒲松龄 《聊斋志异》
青春是一场大雨，即使感冒了，还盼望回头再淋它一次。 —— 九把刀 《那些年，我们一起追的女孩》
谎言和誓言的区别在于，一个是听的人当真了，一个是说的人当真了。 —— 夏七夕 《后来我们都哭了》
“It's time, Perry". He let her go. She took a step back, taking in his face one last time. His green eyes. The bend in his nose and the scars on his cheek. All the tiny inperfections that made him beautiful. Without a word, she turned and made her way downhill.” ― Veronica Rossi, Under the Never Sky
“Two seconds later, the sound of an alarm filled my ears. ''What did you do?'' I said over the noise as he backed up towards the bathroom door. ''The girl who gave you the note?'' ''Yes...'' ''I caught her staring at my lighter.'' I blinked. ''You gave a child, in a psych ward , a lighter?'' His eyes crinkled at the corners. ''She seemed trustworthy.'' ''You're sick,'' I said, but smiled. ''Hey, nobody's perfect. '' Noah smiled back.” ― Michelle Hodkin, The Evolution of Mara Dyer
“Over everything, I choose you” ― Marissa Meyer, Heartless
“Does that count as an argument? Can we kiss and make up now?” "It was only half an argument.” “Fine. Then, you kiss and I’ll make up.” I laughed until he effectively shut me up with his lips.” ― Colleen Houck
“I’ve been working hard to become the kind of man she needs, the kind of man she already believes me to be.” ― Colleen Houck
纽扣第一颗就扣错了，可你扣到最后一颗才发现；有些事一开始就是错的，可只有到最后才不得不承认。
“Your voice sounds like a midnight fire. All warm and worn in and golden. I could listen to you talk forever." "I could never do that". She laughed at him. He brought his lips to her ear. "Your scent is like violets early in spring," he whispered. Then he laughed at himself because though it was true, he sounded like the worst kind of fool.” ― Veronica Rossi, Under the Never Sky
朋友问我“有喜欢的人吗？” 本能的回答道“没有啦。” 但是脑海中却浮现出你的面容。 —— 北川理惠 《三行情书》
有一美人兮，见之不忘，一日不见兮，思之如狂。 —— 司马相如 《凤求凰》
愿多年之后的你依旧笑靥如花 轻描淡写把过往和我只当笑话
“She moved to pinch me again but I blocked her hand. I'm no expert on girls, but when one tries to pinch you four times, I'm pretty sure that's flirting.” ― Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children
向来缘浅，奈何情深。 已然情深，何惧缘浅。 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
“I could feel the warmth of his presence as if a soft blanket had been wrapped around my soul, around my heart. It held me and protected me. It sheltered me and I knew I wasn’t alone anymore.” ― Colleen Houck
“Okay, then I’ll just say I love you. There is nothing in this world more important to me than you are. I’m only content when you’re near. My whole purpose is to be what you need me to be. It’s not poetry, but it’s from my heart. Will that do?” ― Colleen Houck
“You've maddened me for you...have changed everything. So, I'm going to f*ck you long and hard, beauty, because if I'm to be enslaved by you-I want to be your master as well. ” ― Kresley Cole, Pleasure of a Dark Prince
如果结局不是我想要的，那么我宁愿不去参与这个过程。我有我的骄傲，凭什么为了你去卑微自己！
“If I say your voice is an amber waterfall in which I yearn to burn each day, if you eat my mouth like a mystical rose with powers of healing and damnation, If I confess that your body is the only civilization I long to experience… would it mean that we are close to knowing something about love?” ― Aberjhani, Visions of a Skylark Dressed in Black
“She threw up her hands. "All right. Why not?" Why not?" Sure." His arms fell to his sides. "That's it? I pour my heart out. I love you so much I've got freakin' tears in my eyes. And all I get in return is 'Why not'?" What did you expect? Am I supposed to fall all over you just because you've finally come to your senses?" Would it be too much to ask?"...He'd begun to glare at her again, his eyes growing stormier by the minute."When do you think you might be ready? To fall all over me, that is.” ― Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Breathing Room
“We all know interspecies romance is weird.” ― Tim Burton
“The tune was sad, as the best of Ireland was, melancholy and lovely as a lover's tears.” ― Nora Roberts, Born in Fire
“Mine was the twilight and the morning. Mine was a world of rooftops and love songs.” ― Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy
“What every girl dreams of when she's dumped is - that the guy will someday feel regrest and come back and tell her all about it. And the beauty of it is you have no regrets whatsoever.” ― Emily Giffin (Love The One You're With)
“Nothing is more curious and awkward than the relationship of two people who only know each other with their eyes — who meet and observe each other daily, even hourly and who keep up the impression of disinterest either because of morals or because of a mental abnormality. Between them there is listlessness and pent-up curiosity, the hysteria of an unsatisfied, unnaturally suppressed need for communion and also a kind of tense respect. Because man loves and honors man as long as he is not able to judge him, and desire is a product of lacking knowledge.” ― Thomas Mann, Death in Venice and Other Tales
生命中的全部偶然，其实都是命中注定。是为宿命。 —— 东野圭吾 《宿命》
我还是很喜欢你，像探究无人问津的秘密，越深入越着迷 我还是很喜欢你，像候鸟飞出天际，我痴候你无期 我还是很喜欢你，像流水不曾歇息，我漂泊他乡寻你 我再也不喜欢你，如昏鸦叫声凄凌，叹世间情人几多离 我再也不喜欢你，誓言终成无期，你远走他乡的执意 我再也不喜欢你，从此以后我复从前般张扬任性，只是未曾动过心
“Jack couldn't help but watch Nonie as she left. She looked to be twenty-nine, thirty at the most, stood maybe five foot-four and was slender. She had shoulder-length, curly, walnut-colored hair and the largest most beautiful blue eyes he'd ever seem Her nose and ears were small in comparison to her full lips, which he'd give anything to kiss.” ― Deborah Leblanc, Toe to Toe
“It was heartfelt, it was heartbreaking. It was extreme joy, it was bone-crushing grief. It was fiery hot, it was icy-cold. It was true love sprouting... it was true love dying. It's like we were both trying to hold onto something that was slipping through our fingers, and we didn't understand why.” ― S.C. Stephens, Thoughtless
“When what you want is a relationship, and not a person, get a dog.” ― Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming
“We looked at each other for a minute, not saying anything, but I could feel the air between us shift. It became thick, sultry, and tangible—like when the air changes right before a storm. I could feel its power envelop me as it brushed across my skin. Even though I couldn’t see it, I knew a storm was coming.” ― Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse
“Listen carefully. I'd crush you like a bug for causing my wife one single moment of pain. Believe it. Fear it. ” ― (Roarke)J.D. Robb
“Do you think we can be friends?” I asked. He stared up at the ceiling. “Probably not, but we can pretend.” ― Priya Ardis, Ever My Merlin
“I can't imagine a romance novel published today where the hero rapes the heroine and she falls in love with him.” ― Julia Quinn
我喜欢你，是那种一想到你的名字，心里动辄海啸山鸣的喜欢。
“What made me run away was doubtless not so much the fear of settling down, but of settling down permanently in something ugly.” ― Albert Camus
你说，沧山映水，晚落芳菲。后来，韶华如梦，柳碎花殇。 你说，青山落日，映水东流，后来，残月偏西，空谷幽幽。 你说，陋室闻香，西亭酌酒。后来，轩窗听雨，海棠依旧。 你说，百世一梦，轻呵素手。后来，遥望远步，君可知否？ 你说，词凉鸿案，月残风骤。后来，减玉罗衣，每每消瘦。 你说，夜雨枫桥，十里画廊。后来，妆残泪滴，疏影横窗。 你说，揽腰长桥，鸳鸯丝扣。后来，行云如诉，暗吞声透。
“It wasn't a thing I had consciously missed, but having it now reminded me of the joy of it; that drowsy intimacy in which a man's body is accessible to you as your own, the strange shapes and textures of it like a sudden extension of your own limbs.” ― Diana Gabaldon, Voyager
缘起，在人群中，我看见你。 缘灭，我看见你，在人群中。
“He put the knuckles of his fist to the table, leaned toward Niles and spoke quietly, cuttingly, in his rough, gravelly voice. “Fucked her last night, man, and this morning. Five times. Five. It was like she hadn’t been touched in a decade. So fuckin’ sweet. Damn,” he taunted, his eyes locked on Niles. “You’ve had her, you gotta know, not enough money in the world’s worth that.” ― Kristen Ashley, The Gamble
“Once she kissed me, my heart slowed, and every muscle in my body relaxed. How much I needed her terrified me. -pg 252/ARC” ― Jamie McGuire, Walking Disaster
One day someone will walk into your life, then you realize love was always worth waiting for. 有一天那个人走进了你的生命，你就会明白，真爱总是值得等待的.
“Three years? That's a thousand tomorrows, ma'am.” ― Karen Kingsbury
“姐，如果有一个人深深伤害了你，你怎么才能原谅他？” “呵，原谅他是上帝的事儿，我的任务是送他去见上帝！” 《爱情公寓》
这辈子我们需要一见钟情很多人，两情相悦一些人，然后白头偕老一个人。 —— 刘同 《谁的青春不迷茫》
“The cord pulled taut and she rebounded, flying back up before falling again. As her velocity slowed, she opened her eyes and found herself dangling at the end of the cord, about five feet above Jace. He was grinning. "Nice," he said. "As graceful as a falling snowflake." "Was I screaming?" She asked, genuinely curious. "You know, on the way down." He nodded. "Thankfully no one's home, or they would have assumed I was murdering you." "Ha. You can't even reach me." She kicked out a leg and spun lazily in midair. Jace's eyes glinted. "Want to bet?" Clary knew that expression. "No," she said quickly. "Whatever you're going to do-" But he'd already done it. When Jace moved fast, his individual movements were almost invisible. She saw his hand go to his belt, and then something flashed in the air. She heard the sound of parting fabric as the cord above her head was sheared through. Released, she fell freely, too surprised to scream- directly into Jace's arms. The force knocked him backward, and they sprawled together onto one of the padded floor mats, Clary on top of him. He grinned up at her. "Now," he said, "that was much better. You didn't scream at all." "I didn't get the chance." She was breathless, and not just from the impact of the fall. Being sprawled on top of Jace, feeling his body against hers, made her hands shake and her heart beat faster.” ― Cassandra Clare, City of Glass
我没有很刻意的去想念你，因为我知道，遇到了就应该感恩，路过了就需要释怀。我只是在很多很多的小瞬间，想起你。比如一部电影，一首歌，一句歌词，一条马路和无数个闭上眼睛的瞬间。 —— 张小娴 《思念往昔》
“What he did to my heart was sheer, inexplicable, magic.” ― Wendelin Van Draanen, Flipped
听别人的故事，流自己的泪。 《爱情公寓》
“How come when mortals want things, their only option is to make a deal with Hell and sell their soul? Why can’t they make deals with God in exchange for good behavior?" It was another of those rare moments when I’d surprised Carter. I waited for the glib answer I’d mentioned to Seth, something along the lines of goodness being its own reward. The angel considered for several seconds. "Humans make those deals all the time," he said finally. "They just don’t make them with God." "Then who are they making them with?" I exclaimed. "Themselves.” ― Richelle Mead, Succubus Heat
“Yes, men are pigs. Except your brother, of course. He's actually a decent human being. Almost a woman. -Jillian's mother” ― Gena Showalter, Catch a Mate
“Hush Hattie!" I said, intoxicated with my success. "I don't want to go to my room. Everyone must know I shan't marry the prince." I ran to the door to our street, opened it, and called out into the night, "I shan't marry the prince." I turned back into the hall and ran to Char and threw my arms about his neck. "I shan't marry you." I kissed his cheek. He was safe from me.” ― Gail Carson Levine, Ella Enchanted
“Life is fragile and temporary. The faces of today quickly become the faces of the past. Sorrow, pain, and anger... it all fades- except love. Love is forever and there after, even when we've fallen to our graves.” ― Lee Argus
“I’m not the kind of man to bottle up my feelings, Kells. I don’t sit up in my room pining away, writing love poems. I’m not a dreamer. I’m a fighter. I’m a man of action, and it will take all of my self-control not to fight for this. When something needs to be done, I do it. When I feel something, I act on it. I don’t see any reason why Ren deserves to get the girl of his dreams and I don’t. It doesn’t seem fair that this happens to me twice.” ― Colleen Houck
“I felt overwhelmed. I didn’t expect a first kiss to be so…life altering. In a few brief moments, the rule book of my universe had been rewritten. Suddenly I was a brand new person. I was as fragile as a newborn, but instead of the doctor placing me in my mother’s arms, he’d put me in Ren’s. What would Ren do with me? Would he draw me near, soothe me, and teach me about this new world or would he reject me and tell the doctor there must be some mistake. There was no way to know. What a breakable and delicate thing a heart was, no wonder I’d kept mine locked away.” ― Colleen Houck
“He studied my appearance carefully. “You cut your hair.” “Yes. Do you like it?” “That depends. How long is it?” I pulled a curl down and showed him it ended just past my shoulder. He grunted, “That’s still long enough, so I like it.” “Long enough for what?” “Long enough for a man to run his hands through.” ― Colleen Houck
“I'm afraid they're in love," he said, concerned. "They don't want to leave you." He lifted one hand from her waist to gently brush a pair from her neck, where their wings fanned against her jaw. Melancholy, he said, "I know just how they feel.” ― Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone
我再也不要看见她哭的样子了，就算我从此从她心目中消失。 —— 工藤新一 《名侦探柯南》
“How do I love thee? wondered Orion. "Let me see. I love thee passionately and eternally...obviously eternally-that goes without saying." Holly blinked sweat from her eyes. "Is he serious?" she called over her shoulder to Foaly. "Oh, absolutely," said the centaur "If he asks you to look for birthmarks, say no immediately." "Oh, I would never." Orion assured her. "Ladies don't look for birthmarks; that is work for jolly fellows like the Goodly Beast and myself. Ladies, like Miss Short, do enough by simply existing. They exude beauty, and that is enough." "I am not exuding anything." said Holly, through gritted teeth. Orion tapped her shoulder. "I beg to differ. You're exuding right now, a wonderful aura. It's pastel blue with little dolphins." Holly gripped the wheel tightly. "I'm going to be sick. Did he just say pastel blue?" "And dolphins, little ones," said Foaly.” ― Eoin Colfer, The Atlantis Complex
暗恋是默默喜欢又无言 暗恋是沉沉喜欢不表现 暗恋是不厌倦 暗恋是孜孜不倦的执着 暗恋可能都是失落 暗恋也许永无结果 暗恋是永远不悔爱过 山有木兮木有枝 心悦君兮君不知
多少人以友谊的名义，爱着一个人. —— 大卫・尼克斯 《One Day》
“Wow. I didn’t think it was possible for him to look any more intoxicating than he already did. But a leather clad Ren standing next to the gorgeous racing motorcycle holding his helmet made my brain go numb. I had kind of a this-is-your-brain-on-drugs moment, only mine was more like a this-is-your-brain-on-seeing-Ren-in-tight-leather moment. If they’d been smart, the Ducati Company should have used him in a commercial and given him the bike for free.” ― Colleen Houck
每一个不懂爱的人，都会遇到一个懂爱的人，然后经历一场撕心裂肺的爱情。不懂爱的人慢慢懂了，懂爱的人，却不敢再爱了。
待我长发及腰，少年娶我可好。待你青丝绾正，铺十里红妆可愿。 却怕长发及腰，少年倾心他人。待你青丝绾正，笑看君怀她笑颜。 —— 何晓道 《十里红妆女儿梦》
“Smiling, I cut across the quadrangle toward the commons. I felt better about life than I had in a very long time. We could do this, Lissa and me. We could do this together.” ― Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy
“We're taught that in life, we should try to look on the bright side. Not in this case. In this case, assume rejection first. Assume you're the rule, not the exception. It's liberating. But we also know it's not an easy concept. -He's not just into you” ― Greg Behrendt
“They don't fit you?" V asked his roommate. "Not the point. No offense, but these are wicked Village People." Butch held his heavy arms out and turned in a circle, his bare chest catching the light. "I mean, come on." "They're for fighting, not fashion." "So are kilts, but you don't see me rocking the tartan." "And thank God for that. You're too bowlegged to pull that shit off." Butch assumed a bored expression. "You can bite me.” ― J.R. Ward, Lover Unbound
“I bare my soul and you are suspicious! No, Scarlett, this is a bona fide honorable declaration. I admit that it's not in the best of taste, coming at this time, but I have a very good excuse for my lack of breeding. I'm going away tomorrow for a long time and I fear that if I wait till I return you'll have married some one else with a little money. So I thought, why not me and my money? Really, Scarlett, I can't go all my life waiting to catch you between husbands. ” ― Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind
在季节的车上，如果你要提前下车，请别推醒装睡的我，这样我可以沉睡到终点，假装不知道你已经离开。 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
“The entire time I'm burning in Hell, I'll regret each tear I made you weep. But if Hell were the price for twenty days with you, I'd condemn myself again and again. - Cian MacKeltar ” ― Karen Marie Moning, Spell of the Highlander
“My life before him was so simple and decided, now after him...It's just...After.” ― Anna Todd, After
如果你讨厌我，我一点也不介意，我活着不是为了取悦你。
“This is going to sound crazy, but... from the moment I first set eyes on you I haven't been able to stop thinking about you.” ― Leigh Fallon, Carrier of the Mark
“I didn't want to give you the one last part of myself that I couldn't take back. And then you were gone... And I realized it was already yours. It had been since the beginning. Except that I hadn't told you. It drove me mad, the thought that you would never know.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Dreaming of You
“It suddenly made sense. Only twice in his life had he felt this inexplicable, almost mystical attraction to a woman. He’d thought it remarkable, to have found two, when in his heart he’d always believed there was only one perfect woman out there for him. His heart had been right. There was only one.” ― Julia Quinn, An Offer From a Gentleman
“Wow,” said Adrian. He sat down on the bed and tested its bounciness, giving it a nod of approval. “This is amazing. What do you think, buttercup?” “I have no words,” I said honestly. He patted the spot beside him. “Want to try it out?” ― Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell
自己越在乎的人自己就越不能承受他对自己不好。 —— 郭敬明 《梦里花落知多少》
“To see the years touch ye gives me joy", he whispered, "for it means that ye live.” ― Diana Gabaldon (Jamie Fraser)
① 我害怕， 我会永远是那孤独的根号三。 三本身是一个多么美妙的数字， 我的这个三， 为何躲在那难看的根号下。 我多么希望自己是一个九， 因为九只需要一点点小小的运算， 便可摆脱这残酷的厄运。 我知道自己很难再看到我的太阳 就像这无休无止的 1.7321………… 我不愿我的人生如此可悲。 直到那一天， 我看到了， 另一个根号三。 —— 陆展博 《爱情公寓》
回忆里的人是不能去见的，去见了，回忆就没了。 —— 卢思浩 《愿有人陪你颠沛流离》
我再也不会在你身后,你也不必再回头。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
流年似水，太过匆匆，一些故事来不及真正开始，就被写成了昨天；一些人还没有好好相爱，就成了过客。 —— 白落梅 《你若安好便是晴天――林微因传》
人和猪比起来，猪永远是猪，人却有时候不是人 《爱情公寓》
“He shook his head, staring at her like a condemned man who beheld the face of his executioner. "Aline," he whispered, "Do you know what hell is?" "Yes." Her eyes overflowed. "Trying to exist with your heart living somewhere outside your body." "No. It's knowing that you have so little faith in my love, you would have condemned me to a lifetime of agony." His face contorted suddenly. "To something worse than death.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Again the Magic
世事如书，我偏爱你这一句，愿做个逗号，待在你脚边。但你有自己的朗读者，而我只是个摆渡人。 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
“I am asking you to marry me because I love you,” he said, “because I cannot imagine living my life without you. I want to see your face in the morning, and then at night, and a hundred times in between. I want to grow old with you, I want to laugh with you, and I want to sigh to my friends about how managing you are, all the while secretly knowing I am the luckiest man in town.” “What?” she demanded. He shrugged. “A man’s got to keep up appearances. I’ll be universally detested if everyone realizes how perfect you are.” ― Julia Quinn, It's in His Kiss
“She wanted to go over and hug his tears away, but she was too frightened.” ― Steven Spielberg, Close Encounters of the Third Kind
“You think I'd cheat on you?" I demanded with all the innocent outrage I could muster. "With another guy, no. With a cheeseburger . . . in a heartbeat.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Smooth Talking Stranger
“Apparently, dancing for him and throwing herself at him weren't enough. Apparently, she had to nearly commit murder to arouse him enough to attack her.” ― Gena Showalter, The Darkest Kiss
“She'll be back," Ranger said. "But not tonight." [Stephanie] "How'd you get her to leave?" "Told her I was gonna spend the next twelve hours ruining you for all other men, and so she might as well go home." I could feel the heat rush to my face. Ranger gave me the wolf smile. "I lied about it being tonight," he said.” ― Janet Evanovich, Four to Score
忘川之畔，于君长相憩 烂泥之中，与君发相缠 心无可表，唯有魂一缕 灵犀一炉，枯骨曼陀罗 孟汤难饮，求一眼回眸 千世轮回，终是泪眼望 《灵魂摆渡》
谁的新欢不是别人的旧爱
每颗行星有自己的轨道 把亲近的人想成行星 有时只是望着他们转动发光 便很美好
“What d'you suppose I care if I'm a gentleman or not? If I were a gentleman I shouldn't waste my time with a vulgar slut like you.” ― W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage
“Everything about Andrew was hot, from the hands holding him down to the mouth steadily taking Neil apart. Neil finally understood why his mother thought this was so dangerous.” ― Nora Sakavic, The King's Men
我多想拥抱你，可惜时光之里山南水北，可惜你我中间人来人往。
每个人心底都有那么一个人，已不是恋人，也成不了朋友。时间过去，无关乎喜不喜欢，总会很习惯的想起你，然后希望你一切都好。 —— 田反 《你是我学生又怎样》
“She understood him. He could not forgive her,-but he could not be unfeeling. Though condemning her for the past, and considering it with high and unjest resentment, though perfectly careless of her, and though becoming attached to another, still he could not see her suffer, without the desire of giving her relief. It was a remainder of former sentiment; it was an impuse of pure, though unacknowledged friendship; it was a proof of his own warm and amiable heart, which she could not contemplate without emotions so compounded of pleasure and pain, that she knew not which prevailed.” ― Jane Austen, Persuasion
人生最遗憾的，莫过于轻易地放弃了不该放弃的，固执地坚持了不该坚持的
我打江南走过 那等在季节里的容颜如莲花的开落 东风不来，三月的柳絮不飞 你的心如小小寂寞的城 恰若青石的街道向晚 跫音不响，三月的春帷不揭 你底心是小小的窗扉紧掩 我达达的马蹄是美丽的错误 我不是归人，是个过客…… —— 郑愁予 《错误》
“Roarke: The bodies of the three men were found floating in the Chattahoochee River. Eve: I think it'd be embarrassing to be dead in the Hoochie-Coochie River. Roarke: Chattahoochee Eve: What's the difference? Roarke: Quite a bit, I'd think.” ― J.D. Robb, Promises in Death
“What business had I to think of one that never thought of me?” ― Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey
我爱你，不光因为你的样子，还因为和你在一起时我的样子； 我爱你，不光因为你为我而做的事，还因为为了你我能做成的事； 我爱你，因为你能唤出我最真的那部分，我心里最美丽的地方被你的光芒照得通亮。
“Doesn't it scare you sometimes how time flies and nothing changes?” ― Ika Natassa, Antologi Rasa
两情若是久长时，又岂在朝朝暮暮。 —— 秦观 《鹊桥仙·纤云弄巧》
你知道我喜欢的人是谁么， 不知道的话请参考我说的第一个字。 《最撩人的情话是什么？》
“I'll never recover if he breaks my heart. ~Brooke” ― Katy Evans, Real
我们都会上岸，阳光万里，去哪里都是鲜花开放。 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
“Because we all need to believe in movies, sometimes.” ― pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You
“My love is something valuable to me which I ought not to throw away without reflection.” ― Sigmund Freud, Civilization and Its Discontents
我们都忘记了，以后的岁月还有那么漫长，漫长到我可以重新喜欢上一个人，就像当初喜欢你一样．可是，真的可以像喜欢你一样地去喜欢他么？ —— 郭敬明 《夏至未至》
“Not one fuckin’ thing gentlemanly about protecting what’s yours. Looks like you’re gonna lose it, you do everything you can to stop that from happening.” Max looked back to Niles. “And you didn’t do that. She was a week away from me, she walked into a room I was in holdin’ another man’s hand, I’d lose my fuckin’ mind. Not at her. Wonderin’ where I lost my way and I’d talk to her about how to find my way back.” ― Kristen Ashley, The Gamble
适当的悲哀可以表示感情的深切，过度的伤心却可以证明智慧的欠缺。 —— 莎士比亚 《罗密欧与朱丽叶》
有一辆列车在你面前，列车员问你，“小伙子，你要上车吗？”你就问，“这车去哪，下一站什么时候到，车上还有座位吗？”火车早就开走了，你只能等下一辆。可是下一辆来了你还是面临同样的问题。等了很久，别人已经到西伯利亚了，你还在车站上。 管他呢，上去呀。火车是朝前开的，去哪儿并不重要，关键在于窗外的风景。等你下了火车，你就会感谢我的，因为就算有辆飞机停在旁边你也会二话不说的冲上去的，因为你嫌火车太慢了…… —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
“很喜欢宫崎骏说过一句话:“你住的城市 下雨了,很想问你有没有带伞.可是我忍住了,因为我怕你说没带,而我又无能为力,就像是我爱你,却给不到你想要的陪伴.”可有人却说过一句话:“我们在的城市下雨了,很想问你有没有带伞,可是我忍住了,因为我怕你说没带,我说我给你送伞吧,你说不用,我跑着回去就行了.就像是我爱你,你却不需要我的陪伴.”
“I’m writing this because you begged. You know how I love the begging” ― CJ Roberts, Epilogue
“We're out of time, Payton. You said it yourself: the only way we'll make it is for us to go into this together. I know we can do this. But I need you to believe it. You need to believe... in us." Peyton didn't say anything for a long moment, and J.D. could literally hear his heart beating. Then she finally answered. "It would have to be called Kendall and Jameson." It took J.D a moment to catch on. Then he grinned. "No way. Jameson and Kendall. It's alphabetical." "You told our boss that you banged me on top of your desk." "Kendall and Jameson sounds great” ― Julie James, Practice Makes Perfect
时光究竟带走了多少个无法丈量的年华，以至于在回首时，弥漫的大雾几乎隔断了天 —— 郭敬明 《夏至未至》
“We’re never gonna understand women. They’re way too complex. You’ve got too many variables to consider. PMS, bad hair days, miscellaneous mood swings . . . there’s no way to tell what’s causing their attitude. - Mike” ― Susane Colasanti, When It Happens
你生活在一个可以没有我的世界，我居住在一个只有你的天空。 —— 几米 《想你了，你却不知道》
我遇见那么多人，可为什么偏偏是你，看起来最应该是过客的你，却在我心里占据这么重要的位子。 —— 大卫・尼克斯 《One Day》
结局已经如此，原因已经不再重要了 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
玲珑骰子安红豆，入骨相思知不知。 —— 温庭筠 《南歌子词二首 / 新添声杨柳枝词》
人生何必如初见， 但求相看两不厌 。 —— 蔡康永 《新浪微博》
宁愿高傲地发霉，也不要委屈地恋爱。 —— 张小娴 《流浪的面包树》
I am not happy beca se ... 《英文三行情书大赛》
“Don't answer the door in a wedding dress and veil, he might not think you're joking.” ― Amy Sedaris, I Like You: Hospitality Under the Influence
“Maybe he thinks he can rescue me? No one is that stupid. ” ― Kim Harrison, The Outlaw Demon Wails
如果你喜欢我，碰巧我也喜欢你。就算你因为种种原因现在不想谈，你可以先告诉我。我等你就是了。 —— 韩寒 《青春(韩寒著图书)》
最好的恋情是，你可以彻底地做自己，并且你的另一半依然迷恋真实的你。
“... it’s a blessed thing to love and feel loved in return.” ― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,
她可以褪色，可以枯萎，怎样都可以，但只要我看她一眼，万般柔情便涌上心头。 —— 纳博科夫 《洛丽塔》
总有一个人，一直住在心里，却告别在生活里。忘不掉的是回忆，继续的是生活，来来往往身边出现了很多人，总有一个位置，一直没有变。看看温暖的阳光，偶尔还是会想一想。
天还未黑，云怎敢灰；雨还未下，风怎敢吹；瓜还未熟，秧怎敢枯；花还未落，树怎敢死；你还未嫁，我怎敢老。 —— 汪国妈着多子家将 《怎敢》
“She puts her hands on either side of my face, and the room falls away. I have never gotten so lost in a kiss before. And then, the space between us explodes. My heart keeps missing beats and my hands cannot bring her close enough to me. I taste her and realize I have been starving. I have loved before, but it didn't feel like this. I have kissed before, but it didn't burn me alive. Maybe it lasts a minute, and maybe it's an hour. All I know is that kiss, and how soft her skin is when it brushes against mine, and that even if I did not know it until now, I have been waiting for this person forever.” ― Jodi Picoult
“I’m going to tell you something once and then whether you die is strictly up to you," Westley said, lying pleasantly on the bed. "What I’m going to tell you is this: drop your sword, and if you do, then I will leave with this baggage here"—he glanced at Buttercup—"and you will be tied up but not fatally, and will be free to go about your business. And if you choose to fight, well, then, we will not both leave alive." You are only alive now because you said 'to the pain.' I want that phrase explained." My pleasure. To the pain means this: if we duel and you win, death for me. If we duel and I win, life for you. But life on my terms. The first thing you lose will be your feet. Below the ankle. You will have stumps available to use within six months. Then your hands, at the wrists. They heal somewhat quicker. Five months is a fair average. Next your nose. No smell of dawn for you. Followed by your tongue. Deeply cut away. Not even a stump left. And then your left eye—" And then my right eye, and then my ears, and shall we get on with it?" the Prince said. Wrong!" Westley’s voice rang across the room. "Your ears you keep, so that every shriek of every child shall be yours to cherish—every babe that weeps in fear at your approach, every woman that cries 'Dear God, what is that thing?' will reverberate forever with your perfect ears. That is what 'to the pain' means. It means that I leave you in anguish, in humiliation, in freakish misery until you can stand it no more; so there you have it, pig, there you know, you miserable vomitous mass, and I say this now, and live or die, it’s up to you: Drop your sword!" The sword crashed to the floor.” ― William Goldman, The Princess Bride
你有没有那么一刻， 抱着某人， 感觉就像拥有了整个世界。 《三行情书》
“But you... You helped me find my way and take the correct path, Naruto... I always chased after you...wanting to catch up...wanting to walk together with you forever... I want to be at your side, always... You changed me, Naruto! Your smiling face saved me! And that's way I'm not afraid to die, defending you! Because... I love you...” ― Masashi Kishimoto, Naruto, Vol. 47: The Seal Destroyed
我爱的不多， 一分钟只爱了你六十秒。
“Most don't deserve your tears... and the ones that do will never make you cry.” ― T. Rafael Cimino, Table 21
时间，可以了解爱情，可以证明爱情，也可以推翻爱情。
“I'd heard of Evergreen Care Center before. Cass and I had always made fun of the stupid ads they ran on TV, featuring some dragged-out woman with a limp perm and big, painted-on circles under her eyes, downing vodka and sobbing uncontrollably. "We can't heal you at Evergreen", the very somber voiceover said. "But we can help you to heal yourself." It had become our own running joke, applicable to almost anything. "Hey Cass, "I'd say, "hand me that toothpaste." "Caitlin," she'd say, her voice dark and serious. "I can't hand you the toothpaste. But I CAN help you hand the toothpaste to yourself.” ― Sarah Dessen, Dreamland
“喂，你等一下。” “干啥？” “我喜欢你。” “可我不喜欢你啊，你谁啊？” “我只是通知你一下，没问你意见。” —— 乔一 《我不喜欢这世界，我只喜欢你》
“It doesn’t matter where I am; I’m yours.” ― Sherry Thomas, Not Quite a Husband
有些事情，如果不能善始善终，还是莫要开头的好。 —— 司溟 《何处锦绣不灰堆》
“Mercy is for the weak… let me show you how much of an Unseelie I still am.” ― Julie Kagawa, The Iron Knight
“Unrequited love is so boring. Weeping under a blue-black sky is for suckers or maniacs.” ― Alice Hoffman, Practical Magic
“Eve: What is it about asking you Catholic questions that gets you all jumpy? Roarke: You'd be jumpy, too, if I asked you things that make you feel the hot breath of hell at your back. Eve: You're not going to hell. Roarke: Oh, and have you got some inside intel on that? Eve: You married a cop...you married me. I'm your goddamn salvation.” ― J.D. Robb, Salvation in Death
“When a man finds the woman he really loves, the one he respects and wants to call wife, there is nothing on earth he won't do for her. No mountain he won't hike. No river he won't wade. No door he won't open. She is Eve and there's not a snake crawling that can keep them apart.” ― Yolanda Joe
有人会因为我们的缺点而讨厌我们，但也会有人因为我们的真实而喜欢我们。我们不必让那些本不喜欢我们的人喜欢上自己，而是坚持让那些本该喜欢我们的人尽快发现自己。 —— 刘同 《谁的青春不迷茫》
时光静好，与君语； 细水流年，与君同； 繁华落尽，与君老。 —— 仙枫红叶 《神秘王爷独宠妃》
你看街上来来往往的人群，每个都行色匆匆，遇见了，淡漠的看上一眼，谁也看不穿别人身后的故事，谁也不知道别人的心里，是不是住着这么一个人。 —— 南康白起 《等你到三十五岁》
年少的我，曾以为爱情可以超越一切，那时我不明白，这世上另有一种力量，叫做命运，只可承受，不可改变。 —— 舒仪 《曾有一个人爱我如生命》
遇到喜欢的人一定要表白，你丑没关系，万一他瞎呢。
“The decision to kiss for the first time is the most crucial in any love story. It changes the relationship of two people much more strongly than even the final surrender; because this kiss already has within it that surrender.” ― Emil Ludwig
我知道自己喜欢你。 但我不知道自己将来在哪里。 因为我知道，无论哪里，你都不会带我去。 —— 张嘉佳 《河面下的少年》
世界上有许多种遇见，最美好的， 莫过于，在我最美的时光里与你相遇。 《最美的时光》
南方有嘉木,北方有相思. 嘉木风可催,相思不可断 —— 乐小米 《天已微凉》
有时我也会难过，只是骄傲不让我说
“The last time I wore an animal hide; but this time I settled for this." Eric had been wearing a long trench coat. Now he threw it off dramatically, and I could only stand and stare. Normally, Eric was a blue-jeans-and-T-shirt kind of guy. Tonight, he wore a pink tank top and Lycra leggings[...]They were pink and aqua, like the swirls down the side of Jason's truck.” ― Charlaine Harris, Living Dead in Dallas
“Vane grabbed me. “DuLac, let’s chat.” Chat. British-speak for “Stand still while I yell at you.” ― Priya Ardis, My Merlin Awakening
“I would know you anywhere for my true love. Whoever I was and whoever you were, I would know you at once for my true love.” ― Philippa Gregory, The Other Boleyn Girl
秋风清，秋月明，落叶聚还散，寒鸦栖复惊。 —— 李白 《三五七言 / 秋风词》
“We kiss again. This next kiss is the kind that breaks open the sky. It steals my breath and gives it back. It shows me that every other kiss I've had in my life has been wrong.” ― Gayle Forman, Just One Day
“Hmm…now that I think about it, housecats are often coddled and petted. You don’t pet me nearly enough. You must be a lax owner. How selfish of you to deprive your cat of attention.” ― Colleen Houck
你要相信世界上一定有你的爱人，无论你此刻正被光芒环绕被掌声淹没，还是当时你正孤独地走在寒冷的街道上被大雨淋湿，无论是飘着小雪的清晨，还是被热浪炙烤的黄昏，他一定会穿越这个世界上汹涌着的人群，他一定会走过他们，走向你。他一定会怀着满腔的热，和目光里沉甸甸的爱，走到你的身边，抓紧你。他会迫不及待地走到你身边，如果他还年轻，那他一定会像顽劣的孩童霸占着自己的玩具不肯与人分享般地拥抱你 。如果他已经不再年轻，那他一定会像披荆斩棘归来的猎人，在你身旁燃起篝火，然后拥抱着你疲惫而放心地睡去。他一定会找到你，你要等。 —— 郭敬明 《小时代》
“I will bathe in your warmth ma petite. Roll you around me until my heart beats only for you. My breath will grow warm from your kiss.” ― Laurell K. Hamilton, Burnt Offerings
“Sometimes letting go is the only way to find out who you're meant to hold on to.” ― J. Sterling, The Perfect Game
红衣佳人白衣友，朝与同歌暮同酒。世人谓我恋长安，其实只恋长安某。 —— 殊同 《我亦好歌亦好酒》
“Her definition of romance was absentminded intimacy, the way someone else's hand stray to your plate of food. I replied: no, that's just friendship; romance is always knowing exactly where that someone else's hands are. She smiled and said, there was a time I thought that way, too. But at the heart of the romance is the knowledge that those hands may wander off elsewhere, but somehow through luck or destiny or plain blind groping they'll find a way back to you, and maybe you'll be smart enough then to be grateful for everything that's still possible, in spit of your own weaknesses- and his.” ― Kamila Shamsie, Kartography
世界上最遥远的距离，不是生与死，而是我就站在你面前，你却不知道我爱你。 —— 张小娴 《荷包里的单人床》
“They had no conversation together, no intercourse but what the commonest civility required. Once so much to each other! Now nothing! There had been a time, when of all the large party now filling the drawing-room at Uppercross, they would have found it most difficult to cease to speak to one another. With the exception, perhaps, of Admiral and Mrs. Croft, who seemed particularly attached and happy, (Anne could allow no other exception even among the married couples) there could have been no two hearts so open, no tastes so simliar, no feelings so in unison, no countenances so beloved. Now they were as strangers; nay, worse than strangers, for they could never become aquainted. It was a perpetual estrangement.” ― Jane Austen, Persuasion
“Delusion detests focus and romance provides the veil.” ― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce
“She nodded, grabbed her purse out of the drawer and skedaddled, walking like she was on a catwalk, one foot in front of the other, her ass swaying under the skirt of her expensive, tailored suit. Bitch. I thought again, watching her go. “No comparison,” Luke said after the door closed behind Dawn and I turned to him. “Excuse me?” “Dawn’s a man eater. You’re not. No comparison,” Luke answered and I didn’t know how to take that. “Is that good?” The half-smile came back. “Most men prefer to do the eating.” Holy fucking cow.” ― Kristen Ashley, Rock Chick Redemption
有很多话想跟你说，但一直没有机会。我携带着它们穿越季节，掠过高架，铺在山与海之间。花盛开就是一句，夜漫过就是一篇。黄昏开始书写，黎明是无数的扉页。全世界拼成首诗，我爱你当作最后一行。 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
我行过许多地方的桥，看过许多次数的云，喝过许多种类的酒， 却只爱过一个正当最好年龄的人。
“You were on the other side of the world, but I often woke with the scent of you surrounding me. I ached for you, Kells. No matter how much Kishan thrashed me, it couldn’t diminish the pain of losing you. I’d dream of you and reach out to touch you, but you were always just out of reach.” ― Colleen Houck
“I warn you, Kelsey, that I’m an extremely patient man. I’ve had extensive practice in waiting out the enemy. My life as a tiger has taught me that attentive persistence and focused diligence always pay off. Consider yourself forewarned, priyatama. I’m on the hunt. I’ve caught your scent, and I won’t be thwarted in my course.” ― Colleen Houck
曾经沧海难为水， 除却巫山不是云。 取次花丛懒回顾， 半缘修道半缘君。 —— 元稹 《离思》
“Bonnie, believe in me. I’ll save you. I remember how to fly.” ― L.J. Smith, Nightfall
青春就是这样，好得像是无论怎样度过都会被浪费。 那么，不如浪费在你身上。 —— 八月长安 《最好的我们》
“Disagreements over money are the biggest cause of divorce." She waved her hand. "Absolutely no problem. Your money is our money. My money is my money." She wrote away. "I should make you negotiate with Phoebe.” ― Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Match Me If You Can
你来，我信你不会走； 你走，我当你没来过。
“Gentle he would be, denied he would not.” ― Diana Gabaldon, Outlander
I was within and without. 我既是旁观者清亦是当局者迷。 —— 菲茨杰拉德 《了不起的盖茨比》
“I could still feel the ghost of him hovering in the quiet, dark recess of my heart. It was as if he was just waiting for me to be lonely, or to let my guard down, so that he could surface and fill my mind again with thoughts of him.” ― Colleen Houck
“Do you know how many ways love can hit you? So it makes you happy, or miserable? It makes you sick in the belly or hurt in the heart. It makes everything brighter and sharper, or it blurs all the edges. It makes you feel like a king or a fool. Every way love can hit you, it's hit me when it comes to you” ― Nora Roberts, Black Hills
关心一个人成本太高，须掮着热情，担着失望，耗上时间和精神，是件稳赔不赚的事。
对生命而言，接纳才是最好的温柔，不论是接纳一个人的出现，还是，接纳一个人的从此不见。 —— 秋微 《莫失莫忘》
“A dragon just gave me a piece of jewelry,” she said. She took another swig and handed the bottle back to Graydon. “Have I been added to his hoard?” He shook his head and drank too. “No, cupcake,” he said. “I’m pretty sure you’ve replaced it.” ― Thea Harrison, Dragon Bound
有一些人，这辈子都不会在一起，但是有一种感觉却可以藏在心里，守一辈子。
“I had fallen too far. I was in love with Rush Finlay.” ― Abbi Glines, Fallen Too Far
“...he had a way of taking your hand which made it clear he'd have to be the one to let go.” ― Alice Hoffman, Local Girls
生也是我，死也是我。 胜固欣然，败也从容。 —— 天衣有风 《凤囚凰》
谁都会害怕失去，尤其是拼了命的珍惜后，却还是什么都留不住。
生命中某些珍贵的片段，其实都来自于一些微不足道的小事。 —— 马克·李维 《偷影子的人》
“You are my heart as it beats within my chest, my soul as it moves through my mind. The breath in my body that so fascinates you is your essence pouring in and out of me in a wave that drowns me over and over again until I cannot breathe for wanting you. Needing you.” ― Jacquelyn Frank, Elijah
“I think of his riddle. How do people like us take off our armor? One piece at a time.” ― Holly Black, The Queen of Nothing
“Growing up and seeing your parents' flaws is like losing your religion. I don't believe in God anymore. I don't believe in my father either.” ― Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star
在有生的瞬间能遇到你，竟花光所有运气。 —— 林夕 《明年今日》
每段青春都会苍老，但我希望记忆里的你一直都好 。
“Any time not spent on love is wasted.” ― Torquato Tasso
给时间时间，让过去过去
“Do you remember the first time we made love?" He touched his lips to hers as he said it. "We rode up in the elevator like this and couldn't keep our hands off each other, couldn't get to each other quick enough. I was mad for you. I wanted you more than I wanted to keep breathing. I still do." He deepened the kiss as the elevator doors opened. "It's never going to change.” ― J.D. Robb, Big Jack
你说你孤独，就像很久以前，火星照耀十三个州府。 —— 海子 《歌或哭》
“Was it the infinite sadness of her eyes that drew him or the mirror of himself that he found in the gorgeous clarity of her mind?” ― F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise
“Giving generously in romantic relationships, and in all other bonds, means recognizing when the other person needs our attention. Attention is an important resource.” ― Bell Hooks, All About Love: New Visions
“A broken heart is just the growing pains necessary so that you can love more completely when the real thing comes along.” ― J.S.B. Morse, Now and at the Hour of Our Death
“If you also thinks it means I wake up every morning wondering what I did to deserve having you back in my life, well, you'd be right about that too.” ― Julie James, Something About You
“Why be alone when we can be together baby You can make my life worthwhile And I can make you start to smile” ― Mr. Big
今生将不再见你 只为 再见的 已不是你 心中的你已永不再现 再现的 只是些沧桑的 日月和流年 —— 席慕蓉 《悲歌》
“But this girl...she doesn’t feel pointless. She’s real and she’s beautiful and she fits perfectly when she’s in my arms. She makes me want to feel.” ― Monica Murphy, One Week Girlfriend
十三 长安 所有人都知道长安归故里，故里有长安 但还有一句叫做:自知山河归故里，不忘清酒慰长安 你说你爱长安，而长安正是因它是十三朝的都城才被世人铭记，我是长安十三朝的十三，我是你放在心尖永远铭记的爱，是你最盛大的繁华，空前绝后，再无第二。
“And just then Damon stepped out of the coat closet, and at the same time Aunt Maggie tripped him neatly and said, “Bathroom door beside you,” and picked up a vase and hit the rising Damon over the head with it. Hard.” ― L.J. Smith, Nightfall
不要我的我不要，不爱我的我不爱，把灯关上连背影都不会存在。 —— 林夕 《不爱我的我不爱》
“Let go," he advised me, and I loosened my grip on his hands. "No, not of me," he said, smiling. "You can hold on to me as long as you want. Let go of the pain, Sookie. Let go. You need to drift away." It was the first time I had relinquished my will to someone else. As I looked at him, it became easy, and I retreated from the suffering and uncertainty of this strange place.” ― Charlaine Harris, Club Dead
“Rogerson," I asked him sweetly as we sat watching a video in the pool house, "where would I find the pelagic zone?" "In the open sea," he said. "Now shut up and eat your Junior Mints.” ― Sarah Dessen, Dreamland
“可以做朋友吗？”是一段故事的开始。 “还可以做朋友吗？”是一段故事的结束。
“Kitty's always saying how origin stories are important. At college, when people ask us how we met, how will we answer them? The short story is, we grew up together. But that's more Josh's and my story. High school sweet-hearts? That's Peter and Gen's story. So what's ours, then? I suppose I'll say it all started with a love letter.” ― Jenny Han, Always and Forever, Lara Jean
“Those freckles make you seem like a galaxy of stars, just waiting to be explored and loved.” ― Nikita Gill
“And blood and tears and screams did not matter anymore, because at least they are together.” ― Amie Kaufman, Gemina
我只是你生活里的一个影子，你却在我的生命里占有重要地位。如果我只是个单纯的过客，为何要让我闯入你的生活？我千百次想过要离开你，但仅凭一己之力我做不到。 —— 马克·李维 《偷影子的人》
爱不可怕，可怕的是爱得不够，最可怕的是爱得不够还要勉强。
“Runaways are romantic. The girls are waiflike with dyed ratty hair and baggy pants. They usually own a stray dog of the mutt variety and drag it along by a rope, plopping down in front of storefronts to beg for money from passersby. They're a mess. It is likely they'll charm you, make you think you're their best friend and savior only to end up using you and then they'll disappear. That's why they're romantic. They're there and then they're gone. Romance is always about people appearing in a flash out of nothing or people who are there and then suddenly are not. A magic trick.” ― Bett Williams, Girl Walking Backwards
如果你真的非常喜欢过一个人，就会知道，要真心祝福她跟别人永远幸福快乐，根本是不可能的事。 —— 九把刀 《那些年，我们一起追的女孩》
我多么希望，有一个门口，早晨，阳光照在草上。我们站着，扶着自己的门窗，门很低，但太阳是明亮的。草在结它的种子，风在摇它的叶子，我们站着，不说话，就十分美好。 —— 顾城 《门前》
一生至少该有一次 ，为了某个人而忘了自己 ， 不求有结果 ，不求同行 ，不求曾经拥有 ， 甚至不求你爱我 ，只求在我最美的年华里 ，遇到你 。
我一生渴望被人收藏好，妥善安放，细心保存。免我惊，免我苦，免我四下流离，免我无枝可依。 但那人，我知，我一直知，他永不会来。 —— 匡匡 《时有女子》
“Take care. If you do not speak – I shall claim you as my own in some strange presumptuous way. Send me away at once, if I must go; – Margaret! –” ― Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South
“Sensuality often hastens the "Growth of Love" so much that the roots remain weak and are easily torn up.” ― Friedrich Nietzsche, The Portable Nietzsche
“I’ll affect you slowly as if you were having a picnic in a dream. There will be no ants. It won’t rain.” ― Richard Brautigan, Loading Mercury With a Pitchfork
“And they were quiet but their blood and nerves and butterflies were not—they were rampantly alive, rushing and thrumming in a wild and perfect melody, matched note for note.” ― Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone
Some of us get dipped in flat, some in satin, some in gloss. But every once in a while you find someone who's iridescent, and when you do, nothing will ever compare. 有些人沦为平庸浅薄，金玉其外，而败絮其中。可不经意间，有一天你会遇到一个彩虹般绚丽的人，从此以后，其他人就不过是匆匆浮云。 —— 文德琳・范・德拉安南 《怦然心动》
我曾路过你的心，不是我不想停留，而是你不肯收留。
人生就像一张有去无回的单程车票，没有彩排，每一场都是现场直播，把握好每次演出便是对人生最好的珍惜。 前途是光明的，道路是曲折的，生活是自己的，成功是拼搏的。 把握现在，畅享人生！ 我们不管做什么事情都要面对人生，逃避不一定躲的过，面对不一定最难受，孤单不一定不快乐，得到不一定会长久，失去不一定不再有，转身不一定最软弱，别急着说别无选择，别以为世界只有对与错，很多事情的答案都不止一个，所以我们有路可以走，你能找个理由难过，也可以找个理由快乐! 《爱情公寓》
“One glance and I knew exactly who and what he was. The classic alpha male, the kind who had spurred evolution forward about five million years ago by nailing every female in sight. They charmed, seduced, and behaved like bastards, and yet women were biologically incapable of resisting their magic DNA.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Smooth Talking Stranger
既是注定要分开，那么天涯的你我，各自安好，是否晴天，已不重要。 —— 白落梅 《你若安好，便是晴天》
听说，鱼的的记忆只有7秒钟，看见，转身，遗忘。游一圈，就已经不记得自己来时的路
她以为那是她一生中最亮的月光，然而月光再亮，终究冰凉。 —— 辛夷坞 《致我们终将逝去的青春》
“You think I wanted to fall for you? I stayed away from you! I gave him the chance to be with you! But there’s another part of me that asks what if? What if you’re not supposed to be with Ren? What if you were supposed to be the answer to my prayers? Not his!” ― Colleen Houck
我想给他看最好看的我，可最好看的我却已经死了。 —— 唐七公子 《华胥引》
时间会咬人，你不走会满身伤痕。
除非那人，可以使你比单身时过得更好，不然何必为了那人脱离单身。
“I sighed softly and basked in the barrage of Ren's kisses- drowning kisses, soft kisses, sultry kisses, kisses that lasted a mere second, and kisses that lasted an eternity. It was easy to believe that my warrior-angel had captured me and had flown me up to heaven. A deep rumble echoed in his chest. I pulled back, laughing. "Are you growling at me?" He laughed softly, twisted my hair ribbon around his fingers, and pulled gently, loosening my braid. Biting my ear lightly, he whispered a threat, "You have been driving me crazy for three weeks. You're lucky all I'm doing is growling.” ― Colleen Houck
You are the apple of my eyes. 你是我，最珍贵的人。 —— 九把刀 《那些年，我们一起追的女孩》
每次我最痛苦的时候你总是能看透我的心，虽然很不甘心，但是我好高兴 —— 青山刚昌 《名侦探柯南》
“And I wake up happy, baby, because I possess beauty and I own that beauty in all the forms it can take and the least important of those are physical.” ― Kristen Ashley, Knight
但凡死缠烂打的人，大都不是真的深爱你，那只是在跟自己赛跑。真正爱你的人，做不到死缠烂打。因为自尊不允许。我们一直深信，爱就是把最好的一切给予对方，包括尊严。多少浅浅淡淡的转身，是旁人看不懂的情深
“Phones are distracting. The internet is distracting.The way he looked at you? He wasn't distracted. He was consumed.” ― Stephanie Perkins, Isla and the Happily Ever After
因为你，我愿意成为一个更好的人，不想成为你的包袱，因此发奋努力，只是为了想要证明我足以与你相配。 —— 近藤喜文 《侧耳倾听》
我爱你 原谅我只有 遇见你的勇气 却没有 留住你的本事 —— 酷酷的滕 《我与客服的日常》
第一最好不相见，如此便可不相恋。 第二最好不相知，如此便可不相思。 第三最好不相伴，如此便可不相欠。 第四最好不相惜，如此便可不相忆。 第五最好不相爱，如此便可不相弃。 第六最好不相对，如此便可不相会。 第七最好不相误，如此便可不相负。 第八最好不相许，如此便可不相续。 第九最好不相依，如此便可不相偎。 第十最好不相遇，如此便可不相聚。 但曾相见便相知，相见何如不见时。 安得与君相诀绝，免教生死作相思。
择一城终老，携一人白首。 —— 白槿湖 《深爱你这城》
“And I do. I do wonder, I think about it all the time. What it would be like to kill myself. Because I never really know, I still can't tell the difference, I'm never quite certain whether or not I'm actually alive. I sit here every single day. Run, I said to myself. Run until your lungs collapse, until the wind whips and snaps at your tattered clothes, until you're a blur that blends into the background. Run, Juliette, run faster, run until your bones break and your shins split and your muscles atrophy and your heart dies because it was always too big for your chest and it beat too fast for too long and you run. Run run run until you can't hear their feet behind you. Run until they drop their fists and their shouts dissolve in the air. Run with your eyes open and your mouth shut and dam the river rushing up behind your eyes. Run, Juliette. Run until you drop dead. Make sure your heart stops before they ever reach you. Before they ever touch you. Run, I said.” ― Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me
“I'd run my whole life long to reach you; paddle my way across Atlantic and Pacific; traverse Jungle and Desert to find you; climb cliffs and drop from the sky to rescue you. Anything to be close to you. Any way to say I love you.” ― Heather Kristina Thomas, A Place for You and Me
你住的城市下雨了，很想问你有没有带伞。可是我忍住了，因为我怕你说没带， 而我又无能为力， 就像是我爱你 却给不到你想要的陪伴。
三月春盛，烟烟霞霞，灼灼桃花虽有十里，但一朵放在心上，足矣。 —— 唐七公子 《三生三世 十里桃花》
“It is our wounds that create in us a desire to reach for miracles. The fulfillment of such miracles depends on whether we let our wounds pull us down or lift us up towards our dreams.” ― Jocelyn Soriano, Mend My Broken Heart
“It was the sort of bone deep emotion that made him want to hold her tighter with one hand, and draw a sword against the world with the other.” ― Jeaniene Frost, First Drop of Crimson
只有见识过烟火和爱情的人，才知道人世间的美好与凄凉 。 —— 乐小米 《凉生，我们可不可以不忧伤》
爱，不是没有争吵，而是争吵之后，爱还在。 —— 刘同 《你的孤独，虽败犹荣》
荷尔蒙决定一见钟情，多巴胺决定天长地久，肾上腺决定出不出手，自尊心决定谁先开口。最后，寿命和现实决定谁先离开谁先走
“Maybe 'Okay' will be our 'always'...” ― John Green, The Fault in Our Stars
“I am running after you, and life, in desperate pursuit. My dream is that someday you will both turn and let me catch you. That dream carries me through every night... I have enclosed a hundred kisses in this letter. You must count them out carefully and not lose any.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Seduce Me at Sunrise
小和尚:师傅，叶子落了。师傅，叶子落了是树对它不好吗？ 师傅:不是 小和尚:那是风抢走了它？ 师傅:也不是 小和尚:那它们在一起好好的，为什么要分开呢？ 师傅:分开只因为，它们不在合适了。 小和尚:不在合适！那…是谁错了？ 师傅:没对没错啊。 小和尚:嗯！？ 师傅:离开就是离开，分手就是分手，错对没有意义了。不再合适的两人与其耗尽对方养分一同枯萎，不如坦然聚散，各自相安。 小和尚:那离开树后，叶子又会如何呢？ 师傅:不一定哦，可能被有心人遇见，用心珍藏，也可能随风而去不知所踪，说不定落在地上生根发芽，从此投胎换骨，以新的姿态生活下去，一切的一切都看缘分啊！ —— 一禅小和尚 《一禅小和尚》
“You keep runnin that mouth and I'm goin to take you back there and screw you.” ― Cormac McCarthy, No Country for Old Men
“It slowly began to dawn on me that I had been staring at her for an impossible amount of time. Lost in my thoughts, lost in the sight of her. But her face didn't look offended or amused. It almost looked as if she were studying the lines of my face, almost as if she were waiting. I wanted to take her hand. I wanted to brush her cheek with my fingertips. I wanted to tell her that she was the first beautiful thing that I had seen in three years. The sight of her yawning to the back of her hand was enough to drive the breath from me. How I sometimes lost the sense of her words in the sweet fluting of her voice. I wanted to say that if she were with me then somehow nothing could ever be wrong for me again. In that breathless second I almost asked her. I felt the question boiling up from my chest. I remember drawing a breath then hesitating--what could I say? Come away with me? Stay with me? Come to the University? No. Sudden certainty tightened in my chest like a cold fist. What could I ask her? What could I offer? Nothing. Anything I said would sound foolish, a child's fantasy. I closed my mouth and looked across the water. Inches away, Denna did the same. I could feel the heat of her. She smelled like road dust, and honey, and the smell the air holds seconds before a heavy summer rain. Neither of us spoke. I closed my eyes. The closeness of her was the sweetest, sharpest thing I had ever known.” ― Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind
有些话，说的人动动嘴，听的人却动了心。
你的过去我来不及参与，你的未来我奉陪到底。
当赤道留住雪花，眼泪融掉细沙，你肯珍惜我吗。 —— 林夕 《当这地球没有花》
“Though sorrow may impede my heart, It is of great love to have known you.” ― C. Elizabeth
“There was a dragon who had a long-standing obsession with a queen's breasts," she said, growing breathless. "The dragon knew the penalty to touch her would mean death, yet he revealed his secret desire to the king's chief doctor. This man promised he could arrange for the dragon to satisfy his desire, but it would cost him one thousand gold coins." She spread her soapy hands over his nipples, then down his arms. "Though he didn't have the money, the dragon readily agreed to the scheme." Grace," Darius moaned, his erection straining against her stomach. She hid her smile, loving that she had this much power over such a strong man. That she, Grace Carlyle, made him ache with longing. "The next day the physician made a batch of itching powder and poured some into the queen's bra… uh, you might call it a brassiere… while she bathed. After she dressed, she began itching and itching and itching. The physician was summoned to the Royal Chambers, and he informed the king and queen that only a special saliva, if applied for several hours, would cure this type of itch. And only a dragon possessed this special saliva." Out of breath, she paused. Continue," Darius said. His arms wound around her so tightly she could barely breathe. His skin blazed hot against hers, hotter than even the steamy water. Are you sure?" Continue." Taut lines bracketed his mouth. Well, the king summoned the dragon. Meanwhile, the physician slipped him the antidote for the itching powder, which the dragon put into his mouth, and for the next few hours, the dragon worked passionately on the queen's breasts. Anyway," she said, reaching around him and lathering the muscled mounds of his butt, "the queen's itching was eventually relieved, and the dragon left satisfied and touted as a hero." This does not sound like a joke," Darius said. I'm getting to the punch line. Hang on. When the physician demanded his payment, the now satisfied dragon refused. He knew that the physician could never report what really happened to the king. So the next day, the physician slipped a massive dose of the same itching powder into the king's loincloth. And the king immediately summoned the dragon." -Heart of the Dragon” ― Gena Showalter
世界那么大，让我遇见你。时间那么长，从未再见你。 —— 张嘉佳 《让我留在你身边》
哪怕千秋万载世人笑我痴心不改 年复一年我看遍沧海仍候君归来
山高路远，一起努力 分开登顶，更高处见
我的兴趣爱好可分为静态和动态两种，静态就是睡觉，动态就是翻身… 《爱情公寓4》
“Had he but turned back then, and looked out once more on to the rose-lit garden, she would have seen that which would have made her own sufferings seem but light and easy to bear--a strong man, overwhelmed with his own passion and despair. Pride had given way at last, obstinacy was gone: the will was powerless. He was but a man madly, blindly, passionately in love and as soon as her light footstep had died away within the house, he knelt down upon the terrace steps, and in the very madness of his love he kissed one by one the places where her small foot had trodden, and the stone balustrade, where her tiny hand had rested last.” ― Baroness Orczy, The Scarlet Pimpernel
<凤求凰> 有一美人兮，见之不忘。 一日不见兮，思之如狂。 凤飞翱翔兮，四海求凰。 无奈佳人兮，不在东墙。 将琴代语兮，聊写衷肠。 何日见许兮，慰我彷徨。 愿言配德兮，携手相将。 不得于飞兮，使我沦亡。 (二) 凤兮凤兮归故乡，遨游四海求其凰。 时未遇兮无所将，何悟今兮升斯堂！ 有艳淑女在闺房，室迩人遐毒我肠。 何缘交颈为鸳鸯，胡颉颃兮共翱翔！ 凰兮凰兮从我栖，得托孳尾永为妃。 交情通意心和谐，中夜相从知者谁？ 双翼俱起翻高飞，无感我思使余悲。 —— 司马相如 《凤求凰》
“I want to be a body for you. I want to chase you, find you, I want to be eluded and teased and adored; I want to be defeated and victorious—I want you to cut me, sharpen me. I want to drink tea beside you in ten years or a thousand. Flowers grow far away on a planet they’ll call Cephalus, and these flowers bloom once a century, when the living star and its black-hole binary enter conjunction.I want to fix you a bouquet of them, gathered across eight hundred thousand years, so you can draw our whole engagement in a single breath, all the ages we’ve shaped together.” ― Amal El-Mohtar, This Is How You Lose the Time War
“Among my stillness was a pounding heart.” ― Shannon A. Thompson, Seconds Before Sunrise
无论是，我喜欢你，或是我喜欢过你。 我都想说出来，都想让你知道。 让你知道，才算是喜欢。 说出来，心里也就不惦念了 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
世界太大还是遇见你，世界太小还是丢了你。 —— 黄征 《一个人的战役》
不打扰，是我唯一可以送给你的礼物。
“All right, then,” she snapped, “do as you please! Perhaps afterward we could manage a coherent discussion.” Twisting beneath him, she flopped onto her stomach. Christopher went still. After a long hesitation, she heard him ask in a far more normal voice, “What are you doing?” “I’m making it easier for you,” came her defiant reply. “Go on, start ravishing.” Another silence. Then, “Why are you facing downward?” “Because that’s how it’s done.” Beatrix twisted to look at him over her shoulder. A twinge of uncertainty caused her to ask, “Isn’t it?” His face was blank. “Has no one ever told you?” “No, but I’ve read about it.” Christopher rolled off her, relieving her of his weight. He wore an odd expression as he asked, “From what books?” “Veterinary manuals. And of course, I’ve observed the squirrels in springtime, and farm animals and-” She was interrupted as Christopher cleared his throat loudly, and again. Darting a confused glance at him, she realized that he was trying to choke back amusement. Beatrix began to feel indignant. Her first time in a bed with a man, and he was laughing. “Look here,” she said in a businesslike manner, “I’ve read about the mating habits of over two dozen species, and with the exception of snails, whose genitalia is on their necks, they all—” She broke off and frowned. “Why are you laughing at me? Christopher had collapsed, overcome with hilarity. As he lifted his head and saw her affronted expression, he struggled manfully with another outburst. “Beatrix. I’m . . . I’m not laughing at you.” “You are!” “No I’m not. It’s just . . .” He swiped a tear from the corner of his eye, and a few more chuckles escaped. “Squirrels . . .” “Well, it may be humorous to you, but it’s a very serious matter to the squirrels.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon
一颗糖，一句话，足以让他溃不成军。 谢辞，我给你一个家吧。 我前天做梦，梦到我们还在上高中。 然后你向我伸手，我就和你走了。 许呦，你有男朋友吗 没有 哦，那你现在有了。 她和我们不是一路人 那我就到她的路上去。 一中乱不乱，辞哥说了算 《她的小梨涡》 《小说》
我抵得住孤单和寂寞，却抵不住你在我身边的沉默。 —— 夏七夕 《我和你的笑忘书之蓝色气球和苏夏》
“In any relationship in which two people become one, the end result is two half people.” ― Wayne W. Dyer
在爱情走到迷茫的时候，要验证是否相爱最好的方法就是分开，分开后如果痛苦，如果思念，那就是真爱，真爱一定会让俩人再次相遇. 《前任攻略》
“Welcome to Paris, Anna. I'm glad you've come.” ― Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss
“What's he saying?" Buggy asked, her voice shaky. "That there's something up in the attic that we should be careful of because it could be dangerous. "Oh, uh-uh, I'm not going up there," Buggy said, You can send Shaundelle up there, but I'm keeping my little white ass down here.” ― Deborah Leblanc, Toe to Toe
“I don't have a lot of domestic instincts," Ranger said to me, his attention fixing on the unidentifiable glob in my hair, "but I have a real strong urge to take you home and hose you down." I went dry mouth. Connie bit into her lower lip, and Lula fanned herself with a file.” ― Janet Evanovich, Eleven on Top
“He understood how dangerous oaths could be. But Leo didn't care. "I'm coming back for you, Calypso," he said to the night wind. "I swear it on the River Styx.” ― Rick Riordan, The House of Hades
“I didn't just love him…I needed him. Not in some desperate "you complete me" sort of way. No, Vincent didn’t make me whole. He improved me. Something about him—something I didn't understand—had a way of amplifying the good in my nature while muting the bad. He was a catalyst for my soul. I didn't need him in order to exist...I needed him in order to be a better me.” ― Angela N. Blount, Once Upon an Ever After
“I'm infatuated with you, I cannot deny it. Physically speaking, you're a very attractive man. But I don't like you, the vast majority of the time. So far as I can gather, you behave abominably in public and are only marginally better in private. I only find you remotely tolerable when you're kissing me.” ― Tessa Dare, One Dance with a Duke
我希望有这么一个人，给我波澜不惊的爱情，陪我看世界的风景，许我一世的欢颜。 —— 叶非夜 《总裁深度索吻》
“And Meredith and Bonnie, who's going to bend some spoons for us next. I'm going to throw you down a rope… that is, unless Bonnie can levitate you out.” ― L.J. Smith, The Struggle
“我是个俗气至顶的人，见山是山，见海是海，见花便是花。唯独见了你，云海开始翻涌，江潮开始澎湃，昆虫的小触须挠着全世界的痒。你无需开口，我和天地万物便通通奔向你。”
有些人的伤口是在时间中慢慢痊愈，如我。有些人的伤口是在时间中慢慢溃烂，如他。原来这些年，他痊愈的只是外表，有一种伤，它深入骨髓，在你看不见的地方肆虐。 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
我不知道遇见你是对是错，但我知道遇见你我开心过。 —— 灰原哀 《名侦探柯南》
“He didn’t save me, though. He allowed me the freedom to save myself, which is the very best type of rescue.” ― Amy Engel, The Book of Ivy
“Sometimes I used to think that one day i should wake up, and all that had been would be over. forgotten, sunk, drowned. Nothing was sure - not even memory.” ― Erich Maria Remarque, Three Comrades
“That dress…was a very, very good decision. I could write an entire poem on the virtues of your legs alone. You are a feast for the senses.” I laughed. “I don’t know about a feast. Maybe just an hors d'oeuvre.” He took my hand and wrapped it around his arm. “Not an hors d'oeuvre. The dessert. And I plan to spoil my appetite.” ― Colleen Houck
我和你的相遇，不过是短暂的瞬间，漫长的永远。 —— 墨青城 《花妖新娘》
“After their encounter on the approach to Jupiter, there would aways be a secret bond between them---not of love, but of tenderness, which is often more enduring.” ― Arthur C. Clarke, 2010: Odyssey Two
爱情无药可医，唯有爱得更深。 —— 梭罗 《瓦尔登湖》
“It’s like this…a starving man would gladly eat a radish, right? In fact, a radish would be a feast if that’s all he had. But if he had a buffet in front of him, the radish would never be chosen.” ― Colleen Houck
关于明天的事，我们后天就知道了 《chen未曦》
我有一个秘密 我想让世界上的每一滴冰冷的雨 都不会淋到你 我有一个秘密 我想让你每一次伤心的别离 都会迎来喜悦的重聚 我有一个秘密 我想把全世界的彩虹 都放进你灰暗的心里 再把你眼角的泪滴 都变成你嘴角的笑意 我有一个秘密 跟随着我每一次心跳 每一步足迹 它像我的影子 出现在每一个月朗星稀的夜里 它像是静谧如雾的呼吸 笼罩我小小的天地 我有一个秘密 一直捧在手心里 小心翼翼 像个写了一半的谜语 这个秘密 有简单的名字 有永恒的气息 我的秘密 叫我喜欢你 —— 郭敬明 《我有一个秘密》
一个人能有多不正经，就能有多深情。
左眼惆怅，右眼朦胧，近视也挺好的，至少不用把人看得太透
不敢说永远，害怕上帝不成全。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
当我想你的时候，你会不会也刚好正在想我。
不知道从什么时候开始，在什么东西上面都有个日期，秋刀鱼会过期，肉罐头会过期，连保鲜纸都会过期，我开始怀疑，在这个世界上，还有什么东西是不会过期的？ —— 王家卫 《重庆森林》
“For [erotically intelligent couples], love is a vessel that contains both security and adventure, and commitment offers one of the great luxuries of life: time. Marriage is not the end of romance, it is the beginning. They know that they have years in which to deepen their connection, to experiment, to regress, and even to fail. They see their relationship as something alive and ongoing, not a fait accompli. It’s a story that they are writing together, one with many chapters, and neither partner knows how it will end. There’s always a place they haven’t gone yet, always something about the other still to be discovered.” ― Esther Perel, Mating in Captivity: Reconciling the Erotic and the Domestic
“It feels incredible to be outside when I’m supposed to be inside. The sensation of freedom is intoxicating. - Sara” ― Susane Colasanti, When It Happens
“The world takes us to a silver screen on which flickering images of passion and romance play, and as we watch, the world says, “This is love.” God takes us to the foot of a tree on which a naked and bloodied man hangs and says, “This is love.” ― Joshua Harris, I Kissed Dating Goodbye: A New Attitude Toward Relationships and Romance
“Nozy Cat lifted one sleepy eyelid, and his marble blue eye glared at her for interrupting his sacred nap. He wore a yellow collar with little red stars printed on it. His second eyelid also opened, and he gave them his irritated blue-eyed glare.” ― lyn key, Nozy Cat 1
“Love is giving up control. It’s surrendering the desire to control the other person. The two—love and controlling power over the other person—are mutually exclusive. If we are serious about loving someone, we have to surrender all the desires within us to manipulate the relationship.” ― Rob Bell, Sex God: Exploring the Endless Connections Between Sexuality and Spirituality
笑那浮华落尽 月色如洗 笑那悄然而逝 飞花万盏 谁是那轻轻颤动的百合 在你的清辉下亘古不变
“Not so much two ships passing in the night as two ships sailing together for a time but always bound for different ports.” ― P.D. James, The Lighthouse
“I have nothing to give but my heart so full and these empty hands." "They're not empty now.” ― Louisa May Alcott, Little Women
我并没有喜欢哪一种类型的人 。如果我喜欢你，我喜欢的就只是你。
大家都说我的性子很慢，其实我也可以很快。比如，后面有狗追我，或者，你在前面等我
“I want to be with you forever and beyond...” ― Gail Carson Levine, Ella Enchanted
“If you loved someone, you couldn’t let lies come between you. No matter what happened—even if you’d already lost each other forever—you owed each other the truth.” ― Claudia Gray, Evernight
兔子姑娘问兔子先生，如果不是兔子，你想成为什么？兔子先生说，都可以，做老虎就可以保护你，做星星可以在你睡觉时守护你，做萤火虫可以给你照亮，做小浣熊的话能和你做好朋友。但是我最想做的还是兔子。因为你也是兔子，只有兔子和兔子才能在一起啃胡萝卜
如果我原谅了你，不是因为我听了你的解释，而是我仍然爱你，被你急于解释的样子感动了。
待我长发及腰，指尖流光恰巧，惊鸿一舞招摇，梦甜香烟袅袅 待我长发及腰，三月春光初晓，杏花带雨来至，琉璃月色多娇。 待我长发及腰，此生爱恨已了，黄泉紫陌我晓，一将功成枯老。 待我长发及腰，作茧自缚孟郊，半遮面来笑道，花落去后谁敲。 待我长发及腰，玉人何处吹箫，泪雨霖铃道巧，霓虹谁许情娆。 待我长发及腰，此生难觅至交，悟心误德勿要，水转桃花破晓 待我长发及腰，江上扁舟谁摇，楼上珠帘怎招，风飘飘雨又萧。 待我长发及腰，府邸银字笙调，谁家心字香烧，如何春愁将抛。 待我长发及腰，彩蝶觅香西郊，嫁曲胡人知晓，广陵散里逍遥。 待我长发及腰，君生来世再报，今夕守君至老，只盼君来恰好。
宜言饮酒，与子偕老，琴瑟在御，莫不静好 《郑风・女曰鸡鸣》
幸好爱情不是一切，幸好一切都不是爱情。
夏天有晚来迟暮的霞光，正如晚来的你皆是笑意。
“She certainly did not hate him. No; hatred had vanished long ago, and she had almost as long been ashamed of ever feeling a dislike against him, that could be so called. The respect created by the conviction of his valuable qualities, though at first unwillingly admitted, had for some time ceased to be repugnant to her feelings; and it was now heightened into somewhat of a friendlier nature, by the testimony so highly in his favour, and bringing forward his disposition in so amiable a light, which yesterday had produced. But above all, above respect and esteem, there was a motive within her of good will which could not be overlooked. It was gratitude.--Gratitude not merely for having once loved her, but for loving her still well enough, to forgive all the petulance and acrimony of her manner in rejecting him, and all the unjust accusations accompanying her rejection. He who, she had been persuaded, would avoid her as his greatest enemy, seemed, on this accidental meeting, most eager to preserve the acquaintance, and without any indelicate display of regard, or any peculiarity of manner, where their two selves only were concerned, was soliciting the good opinion of her friends, and bent on making her known to his sister. Such a change in a man of so much pride, excited not only astonishment but gratitude--for to love, ardent love, it must be attributed; and as such its impression on her was of a sort to be encouraged, as by no means unpleasing, though it could not exactly be defined.” ― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice
遇见你后，心不由己 《最撩人的情话是什么？》
“ A woman with romance in her life lived as grandly as a queen, because her heart was treasured.” ― Nora Roberts, Bed of Roses
“I don't want just a night or a week or a month with you. I want you all the time. I like you better than calculus, and math is the only thing that unites the universe.” ― Helen Hoang, The Kiss Quotient
“I hate seeing poetry in everything I touch. I hate that I can no longer love you without turning you into a metaphor - that it can never be simple as looking at you and saying yes, yes, yes.” ― Shinji Moon, The Anatomy of Being
一步一微笑，一步一伤心，一步一劫难，尽管记忆再悲伤，我却笑着，不愿遗忘。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
“Longing surged up within me. I wanted it. Oh God, I wanted it. I didn't want to hear Jerome chastise me for my "all lowlifes, all the time" seduction policy. I wanted to come home and tell someone about my day. I wanted to go out dancing on the weekends. I wanted to take vacations together. I wanted someone to hold me when I was upset, when the ups and downs of the world pushed me too far. I wanted someone to love. ” ― Richelle Mead, Succubus Blues
曾听人说，回忆是一座桥，却是通向寂寞的牢. —— 天籁纸鸢 《天神右翼》
“I am a wild woman. it would take a warrior to tame my spirit.” ― Nikki Rowe
“You deserve someone better than me. Someone young and idealistic…someone who can experience things for the first time along with you. I'm not always kind, and I have more faults than I'd care to name. All I can promise is that I'll want you until my last breath.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Because You're Mine
一个人总要走陌生的路，看陌生的风景，听陌生的歌，然后在某个不经意的瞬间，你会发现，原本费尽心机想要忘记的事情真的就这么忘记了。
因为太在乎，所以受不起。 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
“With the world securely in order, Dain was able to devote the leisurely bath time to editing his mental dictionary. He removed his wife from the general category labeled "Females" and gave her a section of her own. He made a note that she didn't find him revolting, and proposed several explanations: (a) bad eyesight and faulty hearing, (b)a defect in a portion of her otherwise sound intellect, (c) an inherited Trent eccentricity, or (d) an act of God. Since the Almighty had not done him a single act of kindness in at least twenty-five years, Dain thought it was about bloody time, but he thanked his Heavenly Father all the same, and promised to be as good as he was capable of being.” ― Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels
“I used to think Romeo and Juliet was the greatest love story ever written. But now that I’m middle-aged, I know better. Oh, Romeo certainly thinks he loves his Juliet. Driven by hormones, he unquestionably lusts for her. But if he loves her, it’s a shallow love. You want proof?” Cagney didn’t wait for Dr. Victor to say yay or nay. “Soon after meeting her for the first time, he realizes he forgot to ask her for her name. Can true love be founded upon such shallow acquaintance? I don’t think so. And at the end, when he thinks she’s dead, he finds no comfort in living out the remainder of his life within the paradigm of his love, at least keeping alive the memory of what they had briefly shared, even if it was no more than illusion, or more accurately, hormonal. “Those of us watching events unfold from the darkness know she merely lies in slumber. But does he seek the reason for her life-like appearance? No. Instead he accuses Death of amorousness, convinced that the ‘lean abhorred monster’ endeavors to keep Juliet in her present state, her cheeks flushed, so that she might cater to his own dissolute desires. But does Romeo hold her in his arms one last time and feel the warmth of her blood still coursing through her veins? Does he pinch her to see if she might awaken? Hold a mirror to her nose to see if her breath fogs it? Once, twice, three times a ‘no.’” Cagney sighed, listened to the leather creak as he shifted his weight in his chair. “No,” he repeated. “His alleged love is so superficial and selfish that he seeks to escape the pain of loss by taking his own life. That’s not love, but obsessive infatuation. Had they wed—Juliet bearing many children, bonding, growing together, the masks of the star-struck teens they once were long ago cast away, basking in the comforting campfire of a love born of a lifetime together, not devoured by the raging forest fire of youth that consumes everything and leaves behind nothing—and she died of natural causes, would Romeo have been so moved to take his own life, or would he have grieved properly, for her loss and not just his own?” ― J. Conrad Guest, The Cobb Legacy
有时候爱情不是因为看到了才相信，而是因为相信才看得到。
满纸荒唐言，一把辛酸泪。都云作者痴，谁解其中味？ —— 曹雪芹 《红楼梦》
“Hearts can't be broken because they're made of marzipan.” ― Kerstin Gier, Smaragdgrün
人老了的好处，就是可失去的东西越来越少了. —— 宫崎骏 《哈尔的移动城堡》
你轻叹世事无常缘分太少只够红袖添香， 我不甘陌路相忘偏要誓死不放两败俱伤。
“People get stupid when they're in love; people want what they can't have; and the years between ages twelve and eighteen always, always suck.” ― Claudia Gray, Evernight
“his yellow eyes gazed at me possessively -- I wondered if he realized that the way he looked at me was far more intimate than copping a feel could ever be.” ― Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver
如果我不爱你，我就不会思念你，我就不会妒忌你身边的异性，我也不会失去自信心和斗志，我更不会痛苦。 如果我能够不爱你，那该多好。
累么？累就对了 舒服是留给死人的
“He'd died. Plain and simple. And it pissed him off. Left him frustrated and disappointed. Where had all , the guardian angel crap they'd fed him in catechism gone to? He'd seen no angels, seraphim, archangels or pearly gates. No one to show him the ropes now that he was dead. What the hell was he supposed to do?” ― Deborah Leblanc, Toe to Toe
“I didn't know you had a girlfriend, Griggs." Anson Choi feigns surprise. "What's her name?" "I didn't actually catch her name," Griggs continues. "Lily," Raffaela says over her shoulder and this time I give her a sideways look. "Great to know that I'm in love with a girl with a cool name." "It's Taylor's middle name," Raffaela calls back again.” ― Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road
“Babe," Ranger said. "You're looking a little strung out. Is there anything I should know?" I'm on a sugar withdrawal. I've given up desert and it's all I can think about." That had been true five minutes ago. Now that Ranger was standng in front of me I was thinking a cupcake wasn't what I actually needed. Maybe I can help you get your mind off doughnuts," Ranger said. My mouth dropped open, and I think some drool might have dribbled out.” ― Janet Evanovich
“Ivy!' I stammered, then glared at Kisten. 'You told Ivy? Thanks a hell of a lot. Want to call my mom next?” ― Kim Harrison, Every Which Way But Dead
不要去看那个伤口,它有一天会结疤的,疤痕不褪,可它不会再痛。
“When you give yourself to me, completely, I will bite you. Until then, my love, I will only nibble on you.”~Cole” ― Tina Carreiro, Power of the Moon
谁念西风独自凉？萧萧黄叶闭疏窗，沉思往事立残阳。 被酒莫惊春睡重，赌书消得泼茶香，当时只道是寻常。 —— 纳兰性德 《浣溪沙》
世上最酸的感觉不是吃醋，而是无权吃醋。吃醋也要讲名份，和他相爱的是另一个人，他的醋也就轮不到你吃，自有另一个人光明正大地吃醋。原来，吃不到的醋才是最酸的。
你越过十方烟笼 乘兴归 我飘然伏倒 袖袍染了薄酒 灯火阑珊 落花纷飞如雨 宿命是 生死相依的谜 我镌刻几旬光阴 风流散 你临风看月 忍把浮名抛去 相思断章 不问今夕何夕 人间事 不出爱恨之外 三千微尘 所遇之年 皆为君赐 浮生梦一场 《倾城》
“We were hooked when we woke. We had arms for each other. But I yearned to resume My dreams of another.” ― Roman Payne
你在纽约 ，我在北京 ，漫长的别离里我只做一件事，专职爱你。如果爱情能成为职业该有多好，我永远都不会早退，也永远都不会转行，任期就是这一辈子。世界上最幸福的工作，就是做你的专职爱人。 《北京爱情故事》
要做这样的女子：面若桃花、心深似海、冷暖自知、真诚善良、触觉敏锐、情感丰富、坚忍独立、缱绻决绝。坚持读书、写字、听歌、旅行、上网、摄影，有时唱歌、跳舞、打扫、烹饪、约会、狂欢。
“How do you... we... you know, faeries pollinate?" "The male produces pollen on his hands and when two faeries decide to pollinate, the male reaches into the female's blossom and lets the pollen mix. It's a somewhat delicate process." "Doesn't sound very romantic." "There's nothing romantic about it at all." Tamani replied, a confident smile spreading across his face. "That's what sex is for." "You still...?" She let the question hang. "Sure." "But faeries don't get pregnant?" "Never." Tamani winked. "Pollination is for reproduction- sex is just for fun." - Laurel and Tamani” ― Aprilynne Pike, Wings
“Aku ingin pacaran dengan orang yang dia tahu hal yang aku sukai tanpa perlu kuberitahu, yang membuktikan kepadaku bahwa cinta itu ada tetapi bukan oleh apa yang dikatakannya melainkan oleh sikap dan perbuatannya.” ― Pidi Baiq, Dilan: Dia Adalah Dilanku Tahun 1990
“No matter what happened, he was Dex and I was Perry and that combination only led to trouble.” ― Karina Halle, Into the Hollow
“How could I remain unyielding? His words penetrated the flimsy barriers I’d set up around my heart. I’d meant to set up a barbed wire fence, but the barbs ended up being covered with marshmallows. He slipped through my defenses easily. He touched his forehead to my hand, and my marshmallow heart melted.” ― Colleen Houck
“You once asked me if I wanted a home and a family. I didn’t think that I’d ever want one without Yesubai, but seeing you like that in my dream, with that little baby…yeah. I want it. I want him. I want…you. I saw him, and I felt…possessive and proud. I want the life that I saw in my dream more than just a little, Kells. I thought you should know that.” ― Colleen Houck
黄泉路上，忘川河中，三生石旁，奈何桥上，我可曾见过你。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
“Now turn around and go to sleep. I'm warning you that I plan to sleep with you in my arms all night long.” ― Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse
就像蝴蝶飞不过沧海，没有谁忍心责怪。 —— 林夕 《蝴蝶》
因为我不知道，下一辈子，还是否能遇见你， 所以我今生才会，那么努力，把最好的给你。
“Hermione was screaming again: the sound went through Harry like physical pain.” ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“But I think we both knew, even then, that what we had was something even more rare, and even more meaningful. I was going to be his friend, and was going to show him possibilities. And he, in turn, would become someone I could trust more than myself.” ― David Levithan, Boy Meets Boy
就算发一千条短信，心与心之间的距离也不曾拉近过一厘米。 《秒速五厘米》
我是一个在黑暗中大雪纷飞的人啊。 —— 木心 《云雀叫了一整天》
自从你离开，我的生命里就只剩下了两件事可做：寻找你，和，等待你。 —— 乐小米 《凉生我们可不可以不忧伤》
“See mirror, every time you will miss me and look deeper into your eyes till you will find me.” ― Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday
“His fingers skimmed down her body, over skin and satin, and she shivered, leaning into him, and she was sure they both tasted like blood and ashes and salt, but it didn't matter; the world, the city, and all it's lights and life seemed to have narrowed down to this, just her and Jace, the burning heart of a frozen world.” ― Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels
“The truth is I do love you. Admitting that means opening myself up to all that pain when you leave. After you realize this wasn’t love, but gratitude.” ― Kelly Moran, The Drake House
白茶清欢无别事，我在等风也等你
很多人不需要再见，因为只是路过而已。遗忘就是我们给彼此最好的纪念。
对你最好的那个人，换句话说，也就是最好欺负的人。天下间的女人，总是最会欺负对她最好的那个男人。 —— 张小娴 《想念》
“Living is hard--dying is easy. You close your eyes and never open them again. What's so difficult about that? Nothing really--except it hurts like hell to those you leave behind.” ― Rachel Van Dyken, Ruin
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance. 爱自己是终身浪漫的开始。 —— 奥斯卡・王尔德 《理想的丈夫》
「如果比喜欢多一点就是爱，那么，比爱多一点是什么？」 「比爱还要多一点？」他侧头望我，然后浅浅地笑，说，「对我来说，就是你。」 —— 顾漫 《骄阳似我》
北方有佳人， 绝世而独立。 一顾倾人城， 再顾倾人国。 宁不知倾城与倾国， 佳人难再得！ —— 李延年 《佳人曲》
“This is love, I think. A place where people who have been alone may lock together like hawks and spin in the air, dizzy with surprise at the connection. A place you go willingly, and with wonder” ― Jodi Picoult, Keeping Faith
人生总是不得圆满，有时候尊重爱情，就要背叛现实；成全现实，就要辜负爱情。 —— 白落梅 《你若安好 便是晴天》
如若相爱，便携手到老；如若错过，便护你安好。
“Possess. Have. Hold. Enjoy. Control. Dominate. Pick your verb, Ms. Fairchild. I intend to explore so very many of them.” ― J. Kenner, Release Me
山河未改，故道人依旧。
“This first glance of a soul which does not yet know itself is like dawn in the heavens; it is the awakening of something radiant and unknown.” ― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables
爱，就是没有理由的心疼和不设前提的宽容。 —— 周国平 《把心安顿好》
“Life is a book waiting to happen.” ― Sloan McBride
“Hardin is like a drug; each time I take the tiniest bit of him, I crave more and more. He consumes my thoughts and invades my dreams.” ― Anna Todd, After
陌上花开，可缓缓归矣。 —— 钱镠 《吴越王给他夫人的一封信》
“Raven?' Yes?' What do you believe in?' I believe in - finding out!” ― Ellen Schreiber, Vampire Kisses
青春是一场远行，回不去了；青春是一场相逢，忘不掉了；青春是一场伤痛，来不及了 《致我们终将逝去的青春》
楠木下的你是年少最动人的风景 青春逝去的背影曾许诺长久安宁
愿每个姑娘都能精致到老， 眼里长着太阳， 笑里全是坦荡。 —— 倪小懒 《倪小懒的杂句铺子》
“Bite me." -Lieutenant Eve Dallas, from any of the In Death books.” ― J.D. Robb
爱情不是时光旅行，所有人都想回到一开始，可没有人能做到。过去的，就让它过去吧，该放下的，总要学会放下 —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
走着走着， 就散了， 回忆都淡了； 看着看着， 就累了， 星光也暗了； 听着听着， 就醒了， 开始埋怨了； 回头发现， 你不见了， 突然我乱了。
吕子乔:在我们男人的世界里，还是强人如云，衰人如星的 胡一菲:哦?可我放眼望去，万里无云，满天繁星 —— 吕子乔，胡一菲 《爱情公寓》
那些以前说着永不分离的人，早已经散落在天涯了。 —— 郭敬明 《梦里花落知多少》
“Just let me wait a little while longer, Under your window in the quite snow. Let me stand here and shiver, I’ll be stronger If I can see your light before I go. All through the weeks I’ve tried to keep my balance. Leaves fell, then rain, then shadows, I fell too. Easy restraint is not among my talents, Fall turned to Winter and I came to you. Kissed by the snow I contemplate your face. Oh, do not hide it in your pillow yet! Warm rooms would never lure me from this place, If only I could see your silhouette. Turn on your light, my sun, my summer love. Zero degrees down here, July above.” ― Polly Shulman, Enthusiasm
“Dreams only come true if you point yourself in their direction” ― Tina Reber, Love Unrehearsed
“It is when things are at worst you will get the best.” ― Santosh Kalwar, You Can
他们，都是我的可遇不可求。 《原耽》
You jump ,I jump.（生死相随） 《泰坦尼克号》
闻君有二意，故来相决绝。愿得一心人，白首不相离 —— 卓文君 《白头吟》
“Ian saw the tears shimmering in her magnificent eyes and one of them traced unheeded down her smooth cheek. With a raw ache in his voice he said, "If you would take one step forward, darling, you could cry in my arms. And while you do, I'll tell you how sorry I am for everything I've done - " Unable to wait, Ian caught her, pulling her tightly against him. "And when I'm finished," he whispered hoarsely as she wrapped her arms around him and wept brokenly, "you can help me find a way to forgive myself." Tortured by her tears, he clasped her tighter and rubbed his jaw against her temple, his voice a ravaged whisper: "I'm sorry," he told her. He cupped her face between his palms, tipping it up and gazing into her eyes, his thumbs moving over her wet cheeks. "I'm sorry." Slowly, he bent his head, covering her mouth with his. "I'm so damned sorry.” ― Judith McNaught, Almost Heaven
“She, as no other ever could, reached every corner of his heart. His joy, and his salvation.” ― J.D. Robb
如果我是你的一颗泪珠，我会落到你的唇间，长驻你的心里； 如果你是我的一颗泪珠，我一辈子也不会哭，因为我怕失去你。
“Never ask a question if you don’t know the answer. — Rhett” ― Rowena Cherry
忘川之畔，与君长相憩 烂泥之中，与君发相缠 寸心无可表，唯有魂一缕 燃起灵犀一炉，枯骨生出曼陀罗 《灵魂摆渡》
“Despite having known him for almost a year, there were a lot of things I still didn't know about Zachary Goode. Like how soap and shampoo could smell so much better on him than anyone else. Like where he went when he wasn't mysteriously showing up at random (and frequently dangerous) points in my life. And, most of all, I didn't know how, when he mentioned the jacket, he made me think about the sweet, romantic part of the night last November when he'd given it to me, and not the terrible, bloody, international-terrorists-are-trying-to-kidnap-me part that came right after” ― Ally Carter, Only the Good Spy Young
“You told me I was the best sex you'd ever had in your life...You couldn't get enough...At one point you were so loud I thought sure hotel security was going to beat down the door.” ― Rachel Gibson, I'm In No Mood For Love
“Romance is the deepest thing in life. It is deeper than reality.” ― G.K. Chesterton
“Heart of my heart. Moon of my soul.” ― Hafsah Faizal, We Hunt the Flame
为你，千千万万遍。 —— 卡勒德・胡赛尼 《追风筝的人》
You don't know how long I've waited for you. I'd rather die than stay away from you你不知道，等了你有多久。所以，宁可死别，绝不生离。 《暮光之城》
暗恋无非是被暗恋者假装不懂，暗恋者一味付出的游戏罢了。 《爱情进化论(电视剧)》
“Margaret's voice, with its raspy twang, reminded her of magnolias and whiskey.” ― Deborah Leblanc, Toe to Toe
君生我未生，我生君已老 君恨我生迟，我恨君生早 君生我未生，我生君已老 恨不生同时，日日与君好 我生君未生，君生我已老 我离君天涯，君隔我海角 我生君未生，君生我已老 化蝶去寻花，夜夜栖芳草
“Humans are vulnerable, because they’re capable of being hurt.” ― Becca Fitzpatrick, Hush, Hush
“Anthony looked down at his evil clutches -- hands, he reminded himself, hands -- and grinned anew.” ― Julia Quinn, The Viscount Who Loved Me
一念花开，一念花落。这山长水远的人世，终究是要自己走下去。人在旅途，要不断的自我救赎。不是你倦了，就会有温暖的巢穴；不是你渴了，就会有潺潺的山泉；不是你冷了，就会有红泥小火炉。每个人的内心，都有几处不为人知的暗伤，等待时光去将之复原。 —— 白落梅 《因为懂得所以慈悲：张爱玲的倾城往事》
凤兮凤兮归故乡，遨游四海求其凰。 —— 司马相如(角色) 《凤求凰》
在对的时间遇见对的人，是一种幸福； 在对的时间遇见错的人，是一种心伤； 在错的时间遇见对的人，是一是气中要把那路奈； 在错的时间遇见错的人，是一种折磨。 —— 桐华 《云中歌》
杀阡陌：白子画，你若敢为你门中弟子伤她一分，我便屠你满门，你若敢为天下人损她一毫，我便杀尽天下人。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
“Cinta sejati adalah kenyamanan, kepercayaan, dan dukungan. Kalau kamu tidak setuju, aku tidak peduli.” ― Pidi Baiq, Dilan: Dia Adalah Dilanku Tahun 1990
子乔醒悟的时候,美嘉却没有怀孕.一菲承认感情的时候,小贤却和诺澜在一起了.张伟爱情刚起步,却和对方成了对手.有些人就是这样,你准备好了,却已经错过了最好的时机在一起.我以为我必须变得足够好才有资格遇见你,殊不知,遇见你时我才是最好的我. 《爱情公寓4》
爱是一颗心遇到另一颗心，而不是一张脸遇上另一张脸。 —— 苏菲・玛索 《杨澜访谈录》
不要着急，最好的总会在最不经意的时候出现。
你的过去我无法参与，你的将来我奉陪到底。
所有随风而逝的都属于昨天的，所有历经风雨留下来的才是面向未来的。 —— 玛格丽特・米切尔 《飘》
翻出了以前写给你的稚嫩话语 那时候是真的爱你 没有什么目的 就像后来离开你
如果我看过你看过的世界，走过你走过的路，是不是就能更靠近你一点 —— 李大仁 《我可能不会爱你》
你能收下吗？ 写着“易碎品小心轻放”的 我的心 —— 北川理惠 《三行情书》
如果人类有尾巴的话 说起来有点不好意思 只要和你在一起，一定会止不住摇起来 《三行情书》
此去经年，应是良辰好景虚设。 —— 柳永 《雨霖铃·寒蝉凄切》
我知道有些人是无法忘记的，即使在你成长之初他们就已经消失。但是他们被镌刻在你的生命线上，无法磨灭。让我们终其一生为了这些印记做两件事情：怀念，或者寻找。 —— 七堇年 《被窝是青春的坟墓》
南风未起 我遇见你 南风微起 各奔东西 原来我们的爱情 只是一阵风吹的记忆
得不到的永远在骚动 被偏爱的都有恃无恐 —— 李焯雄 《红玫瑰》
“Oh, he did look like a deity – the perfect balance of danger and charm, he was at the same time fascinating and inaccessible, distant because of his demonstrated flawlessness, and possessing such strength of character that he was dismaying and at the same time utterly attractive in an enticing and forbidden way.” ― Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice
“—Deberíamos recoger nuestras cosas —dijo Gideon finalmente—. Y deberías hacer algo urgente con tus cabellos; parece como si algún idiota se hubiera puesto a revolver en ellos con las dos manos y luego te hubiera tirado sobre un sofá… Sea quien sea el que nos espere sabrá que dos y dos son cuatro… Oh, por Dios, no me mires así. —¿Cómo? —Como si ya no pudieras moverte. —Es que no puedo —dije en serio—. Soy un pudin. Me has transformado en un pudin.” ― Kerstin Gier, Saphirblau
人生若只如初见，何事秋风悲画扇？ —— 纳兰容若 《木兰辞・拟古决绝词柬友》
“Forget men, I want to marry my MacBook. It’s dependable, reliable and you can even go shopping with it.” ― Alexandra Potter, You're The One That I Don't Want
“I'll love you to ruins.” ― Michelle Hodkin, The Retribution of Mara Dyer
世间有类姑娘，说的每句话都让你想得非非，还有类姑娘，说的每句话都让你非得想想。 —— 唐七公子 《华胥引》
我喜欢春天的花，夏天的树，秋天的黄昏，冬天的阳光，和每天的你。
剪影的你轮廓太好看，凝住眼泪才敢细看 —— 林夕 《约定》
“04.24，和Sakura去东京天空树，世界上最暖和的地方在天空树的顶上。” “04.25，和Sakura去明治神宫，有人在那里举办婚礼。” “04.26，和Sakura去迪士尼，鬼屋很可怕，但是有Sakura在，所以不可怕。” “Sakura最好了。”... —— 江南 《龙族》
恋人之间总会说很多无聊话，做一些无聊事，幸福就是有一个人陪你无聊，难得是你们两个都不觉得无聊。
假如你爱上了两个人，选择第二个。因为如果你真爱第一个，就不会去爱其他人。
在这个什么都善变的世间我想和你看一看永远。 —— 乔一 《我不喜欢这世界，我只喜欢你》
如果不能住在你心里，都是客死他乡。 —— 张嘉佳 《新浪微博》
“My dearest girl,' said the vampire finally, examining Lord Maccon with an exhausted but appreciative eye, 'such a banquet. Never been one to favor werewolves myself, but he is very well equipped, now, is he not?' Miss Tarabotti gave him an arch look. 'My goodies,' she warned. Humans,' chuckled the vampire, 'so possessive.” ― Gail Carriger, Soulless
“A bond between souls is ancient - older than the planet.” ― Dianna Hardy, The Witching Pen
好看的皮囊千篇一律，有趣的灵魂万里挑一。
“There are plastic bags with zippers on them. I've seen them in commercials," Dragos said to her. He snapped his fingers, trying to remember the name. "You put food in them." "Ziploc bags?" she asked in a cautious voice. He pointed at her. "Yes. I want one.” ― Thea Harrison, Dragon Bound
也许每一个男子全都有过这样的两个女人，至少两个。 娶了红玫瑰，久而久之，红的变了墙上的一抹蚊子血，白的还是“床前明月光”； 娶了白玫瑰，白的便是衣服上的一粒饭粘子，红的却是心口上的一颗朱砂痣。 —— 张爱玲 《红玫瑰与白玫瑰》
思念就跟爱情一样是会耗尽的。无奈要分隔两地，一开始我想你想得很苦，恨不得马上飞奔到你身边，再也不要跟你分开。后来的后来，我没那么想你了，不是不爱你，而是这样的想念是没有归途的。我再怎么想你，还是见不着你摸不到你，只是用思念来折磨自己。于是我知道，我得学着过自己的生活。
爱情如果不落到穿衣、吃饭、睡觉、数钱这些实实在在的生活中去，是不会长久的。真正的爱情，就是不紧张，就是可以在他面前无所顾忌地打嗝、放屁、挖耳朵、流鼻涕；真正爱你的人，就是那个你可以不洗脸、不梳头、不化妆见到的那个人。
“I didn’t know what to call it, what was happening between us, but I liked it. It felt silly and fragile and good.” ― Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children
你以后会明白，如果世界上曾经有那个人出现过，其他人都会变成将就。 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
我一直在想，大学为什么要把课安排这么松散耗上四年，而不是像中学一样朝七晚五学上两年就毕业。它就是要这样，用四年的时间，打磨你的锐气，消耗你的梦想，拆散坚定过的爱情，然后才能放心地把一个足够圆滑和现实的你，送到社会、婚姻、现实里。大学，多可怕
“I am yours," he whispered. "I live to hold you, Risa. I breathe to touch you.” ― Lora Leigh
君埋泉下泥销骨，我寄人间雪满头。 —— 白居易 《梦微之》
有一种爱，如明月星辉。若她为明月，他为星辉，明月在，星辉隐。爱之忧伤，是月不见星，星错过月…… —— 唐七公子 《三生三世十里桃花》
“Eyes, look your last! Arms, take your last embrace! And, lips, oh you the doors of breath, seal with a righteous kiss a dateless bargain to engrossing death!” ― William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet
“My heart cracked. Daemon never begged.” ― Jennifer L. Armentrout, Onyx
“Mungkin ada benarnya juga buku - buku itu bilang. Orang - orang yang jatuh cinta terkadang terbelenggu oleh ilusi yang diciptakan oleh hatinya sendiri.” ― Tere Liye, Berjuta Rasanya
我所认为最深沉的爱，莫过于分开以后，我将自己，活成了你的样子。
雨声潺潺，像住在溪边，宁愿天天下雨，以为你是因为下雨不来。 —— 张爱玲 《小团圆》
“Closed. Plenty of time to see it later, remember?" He leads me into the courtyard, and I take the opportunity to admire his backside. Callipygian. There is something better than Notre-Dame.” ― Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss
醒来觉得甚是爱你 —— 蒋生豪 《蒋生豪情书》
“Nonie chewed on her bottom lip for a moment. She'd told Fezzo so much already yet there wasn't a speck of incredulity in his eyes. His expression was serious, and she had his full attention. "I'm not quite sure about what to do with Helen, the ghost that followed me home.” ― Deborah Leblanc, Toe to Toe
“Ô, Wanderess, Wanderess When did you feel your most euphoric kiss? Was I the source of your greatest bliss?” ― Roman Payne
“Beauty is subjective. You know how sometimes what makes a person attractive is the way they make you laugh or how it seems like they can read your mind?” ― Kiera Cass, The Crown
其实我很好，只是不习惯，只是会偶尔难受一下，只是会在某一瞬间突然很想某个人，只是会在听到某一句熟悉的话时很难过
我已分不清，你是友情和下是错过的爱情 —— 周杰伦 《蒲公英的约定》
我真的爱你，闭上眼，以为我能忘记，但流下的眼泪，却没有骗到自己。 －－－郭敬明
玲珑骰子安红豆，入骨相思知不知？ —— 温庭筠 《新添声杨柳枝词二首》
“Every Valentine's Day, the student council sponsered a holiday fundraiser by selling roses that would be delievered in class. The roses came in four colors:white, yellow, red, pink, and the subtleties of thier meaning were parsed and analyzed by the female population to no end. Mimi had always understood it thus:white for love, yellow for friendship, red for passion, and pink for a secret crush.” ― Melissa de la Cruz, Masquerade
“The common prejudice that love is as common as "romance" may be due to the fact that we all learned about it first through poetry. But the poets fool us; they are the only ones to whom love is not only a crucial, but an indispensable experience, which entitles them to mistake it for a universal one.” ― Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition
“But you know, mon petite, what you got is a gift. And when de good Lord gives you a gift you have to use it. Dat's why he put you here on dis earth. Sometime it's gonna be to help a soul cross over to de other side to meet him. If dat's whey you gott do, den dat's what you gotta do. You can't just keep collecting de dead. You gonna have to find a way to take what you got and work wit dat.” ― Deborah Leblanc, Toe to Toe
“Oh, dear." She let her head fall back to the pillow. "There it went. I've fallen in love with you now." "Just now?" Chuckling, he came to a sitting position, resting his forearm on one bent knee. "Well, thank God for belated blessings." He ran a hand through his hair. "It's been coming on rather longer than that for me." "What?" She sat bolt upright. "What can you mean? Since when?" "From the first, Amelia. From the very first.” ― Tessa Dare, One Dance with a Duke
“A man. A really manly man with a lot of mannishness in his manliness.” ― Robert Thier, Storm and Silence
某天起，好像跟你没那么好了，见面少了，电话也少了；孤单的时候，忍住没找你。我亲爱的朋友，并不是你做了什么，而是我的故事变复杂了，有些话不知道从何说起，不如不说；有些秘密只能藏在心底，独自承担。不想对你说谎，更害怕你痛心的责备，于是只好假装忘了你。其实，你一直在我心里
风卷残衣， 笑如红纱， 直叫人为之痴颜。 绯陌倾城， 颜倾六界， 确如一丹抹青莲。 痴心等候， 守望千年， 奈何为一片羁留。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
只要稍微打个招呼就会胡思乱想，要是互相发短信，心中还会起波澜，接到对方来电的那一整天，都会对着来电记录傻笑，可是我知道，那只是温柔，对我温柔的人对别人也同样温柔，这种事差点就忘记了,如果说真相是残酷的，谎言肯定是温柔的，所以温柔是谎言，一次又一次期待，一次又一次落空，不知从何时开始，便不再怀抱希望。 —— 大老师 《我的青春恋爱物语果然有问题》
无论今天发生多么糟糕的事，都不应该感到悲伤，因为今天是你往后日子里最年轻的一天了。
“Although this scouting gig sounded like a financial hit, it made Nonie extremely nervous. She feared someone slip--that someone being Buggy--and others would find out Nonie's secret. And if the wrong person caught wind that she could see and speak to the dead, word would spread through Clay Point like ants at a picnic.” ― Deborah Leblanc, Toe to Toe
最好不相见，如此当成可不相恋。 最好不相知，如此当成可不相思。
“By the time Bones announced it was Tammy's turn, I'd fallen in love with him all over again. Flowers and jewelry worked for most girls as a romantic gesture, but here I was, misty-eyed at watching him show my mother how to stab the shit out of him.” ― Jeaniene Frost, Death's Excellent Vacation
“You Stole my loneliness. I may have given you wings, but you've become my gravity. I'll never be free of your force.” ― Pepper Winters, Tears of Tess
我听说 喜鹊喝多了可乐会变成乌鸦 欢迎光临说多了会变成谢谢惠顾 你的猫咪太爱你会变成兔子 啊 还有 听说人会因为太害羞把想说的话藏在句首
💮 不许你再叫我先生，否则我要从字典中查出世界上最肉麻的称呼来称呼你。特此警告。
不悔梦归处，只恨太匆匆。 —— 九夜茴 《匆匆也过年》
有些人只拥吻影子，于是只拥有幸福的幻影。
“I spent most of my youth hauling sides of beef and pork to my father's shop. Carrying you is far more enjoyable." "How sweet," Annabelle mumbled sickly, her eyes closed. "Every woman dreams of being told that she's preferable to a dead cow.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Secrets of a Summer Night
“She was a ray of sunshine, a warm summer rain, a bright fire on a cold winter’s day, and now she could be dead because she had tried to save the man she loved.” ― Grace Willows
“It's like you have a plan and someone comes along and makes you want to change it all, but you still like your first plan, no matter how fantastic the second one makes you feel.” ― Melina Marchetta, Saving Francesca
“I want to be the friend you fall hopelessly in love with. The one you take into your arms and into your bed and into the private world you keep trapped in your head. I want to be that kind of friend," he says, " the one who will memorize the things you say as well as the shape of your lips when you say them. I want to know every curve, every freckle, and every shiver of your body, ...." ........ " I want to know where to touch you," he says, " i want to know how to touch you. I want to know how to convince you design a smile just for me." ...... " Yes, " he says, " i do want to be your bestfriend". He says, " I want to be your bestfriend in the entire world". --- Aaron Warner” ― Tahareh Mafi
我爱你，安安静静对待你；我爱你，轰轰烈烈在心里。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
“They say love is blind...but it isn't. Love is perfect sight. Love is the ability to see a person, I mean really see him-his strengths, his weaknesses, his flaws, all his past triumphs and mistakes-and view that person not as the world says you're supposed to see him, but as you see him-as that special someone you know you will always embrace, body and soul, no matter what anyone else says or thinks I know I can't tell anyone what I've been through. I know they wouldn't understand. They don't see him the way that I see him. All they know is the legend, the darkness. They don't know the inner beauty, the warmth and the joy more intense than anything I ever thought was possible to experience. They don't know the truth behind the name. My angel. My only. Lucifer.” ― Marlon Pierre-Antoine, Wandering Stars
“Why, aren’t you just about as sweet as syrup on a sundae? I sure would appreciate that, ma’am.” He winked. “How’d you like ta stroll the deck of this fine ship with me and watch the sunset? I need a purty girl to put her arm around me and steady this bow-legged cowboy as he finds his sea legs.” I raised an eyebrow and affected a southern accent. “Why, I think you’re a pullin’ my leg there, Texas. You’ve had your sea legs a lot longer than I have.” He rubbed the stubble on his face. “You might be right at that. Well then, how about you taggin’ along to keep me warm?” “It’s about eighty degrees.” “Shoot, you’re a smart one, you are. Then how ‘bout I jes say that a feller can get pretty lonesome by hisself in a strange country and he’d like to keep compn’y with you fer a while longer.” ― Colleen Houck
我朋友很少，我敌人更少，皆因我心里真正在乎的人本来就不多。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
如果那里天气晴朗，那你就留在那里。 如果那里风雨凄凉，那你就赶快回来。 把那里，把那个人完全地忘记。 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
“There was a large sting near his upper lip. I touched it lightly. “Does it hurt?” My gaze moved from his lips up to his eyes. He was looking at me in a way that made me blush. “Yes,” he responded quietly.” ― Colleen Houck
“Terkadang,yang tak bisa kamu lupakan adalah seseorang yang tak pernah bisa kamu miliki.” ― Christian Simamora, All You Can Eat
你给我一滴眼泪，我就看到了你心中全部的海洋 。 —— 郭敬明 《左手倒影，右手年华》
再后来遇到心动的人 我都会想 算了 朋友就很好了 真的很好了
不想你惊艳我年少时光,只愿你温暖我今后岁月
过自己想要的生活，上帝会让你付出代价。照顾好自己，爱自己才能爱好别人。如果你压抑，痛苦，忧伤，不自由，又怎么可能在心里腾出温暖的房间，让重要的人住在里面。如果一颗心千疮百孔，住在里面的人就会被雨水打湿。 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
相濡以沫，不如相忘于江湖 —— 庄子 《庄子・大宗师》
“Aware of every breath, every movement, I sat in his lap. His hands gently braced my hips as I studied his face. “And now I want you to know, Rhysand, that I love you. I want you to know … ” His lips trembled, and I brushed away the tear that escaped down his cheek. “I want you to know,” I whispered, “that I am broken and healing, but every piece of my heart belongs to you. And I am honored—honored to be your mate.” His arms wrapped around me and he pressed his forehead to my shoulder, his body shaking. I stroked a hand through his silken hair. “I love you,” I said again. I hadn’t dared say the words in my head. “And I’d endure every second of it over again so I could find you. And if war comes, we’ll face it. Together. I won’t let them take me from you. And I won’t let them take you from me, either.” Rhys looked up, his face gleaming with tears. He went still as I leaned in, kissing away one tear. Then the other. As he had once kissed away mine. When my lips were wet and salty with them, I pulled back far enough to see his eyes. “You’re mine,” I breathed.” ― Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury
“He sighed and bowed deeply. “Sundari. I was standing here thinking nothing could be more beautiful than this sunset tonight, but I was mistaken. You standing here in the setting sun with your hair and skin aglow is almost more than a man can…fully appreciate.” ― colleen houck
假如有人问我的烦忧, 我不敢说出你的名字。 —— 戴望舒 《烦忧》
“And empty words are evil.” ― Homer, The Odyssey
“I often think that he's the only one of us who's achieved immortality. I don't mean in the sense of fame and I don't mean he won't die someday. But he's living it. I think he is what the conception really means. You know how people long to be eternal. But they die with everyday that passes. . . They change, they deny, they contradict- and they call it growth. At the end there is nothing left, nothing unreveresed or unbetrayed; as if there had never been an entity, only a succession of adjectives fading in and out of an unformed mass. How do they expect a permanence which they never held for a single moment? But Howard- one can imagine him living forever.” ― Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead
“Join us next time for Days of the Undead when Rachel learns her long lost brother is really a crown prince from outer space.” ― Kim Harrison, Every Which Way But Dead
人的一生要经历太多的生离死别，那些突如其来的离别往往将人伤得措手不及。 人生何处不相逢，但有些转身，真的就是一生，从此后会无期，永不相见。 —— 白落梅 《你若安好便是晴天――林微因传》
“To me, you are magic.” ― Renee Ahdieh, Flame in the Mist
死不可怕，坐着等死才可怕。 《爱情公寓》
不要说，离开以后还会想念；不要说，分手以后还是朋友。离开一个地方，风景就不再属于你；错过一个人，那人便与你无关。落花本来有意，流水本也无情。转身的那一秒开始，我的幸福，便与你无关。
我们最常看到的结果是：终于明白要寻找的那个人是谁时，回首灯火阑珊处，已空无一人 —— 安意如 《人生若只如初见》
人非木石皆有情，不如不遇倾城色 —— 白居易 《李夫人》
我喜欢你，来自左肩，靠近心脏.
火车是朝前开的，去哪儿并不重要，关键在于窗外的风景 —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
这个世界上有很多事情，你以为明天一定可以再继续做的；有很多人，你以为明天一定可以再见到面的；于是，在你暂时放下先或者暂时转过身的时候，你心中所有的，只是明日又将重聚的希望，有时候甚至连这点希望也不会感觉到。因为，你以为日子既然这样一天一天地过来的，当然也应该就这样一天一天地过去。昨天、今天和明天应该是没有什么不同的。 但是，就会有那么一次：在你一放手，一转身的那一刹那，有的事情就完全改变了。太阳落下去，而在它重新升起以前，有些人，就从此和你永诀了。 —— 席慕蓉 《小红门》
“I smiled sweetly at his embarressment, beginning to walk again, kicking up golden leaves. I heard him scuffling leaves behind me. "And what was the point of this again?" Forget it!" Sam said. "Do you you like this place or not?" I stoped in my tracks, spinning to face him. "Hey." I pointed at him; he raised his eyebrows and stopped in his tracks. "You didn't think Jack would be here at all, did you?" His thick black eyebrows went up even farther. Did you evan intend to look for him at all?" He held his hands up as if a surrender. "What do you want me to say?" You were trying to see if I would reconize it, wern't you?" I took anouther step, colsing the distance between us. I could feel the heat of his body, even without touching him, in the increasing cold of the day. "YOU told me about this wood somehow. How did you show it to me?" I keep trying to tell you. You wont listen. Because you're stubbon. It's how we speek- it's the only words we have. Just pictures. Just simple little picters. You HAVE changed Grace. Just not your skin. I want you to believe me." His hands were still raise, but he was starting to grin at me in the failing light. So you brought me here to see this." I stepped forward again, and he stepped back. Do you like it?" Under false pretence." Anouther step forward; anouther back. The grine widened So do you like it?" When you knew we wouldn't come across anybody else." His teeth flashed in his grin. "Do you like it?" I punched my hands into his chest. "You know I love it. You knew I would." I went to punch him, and he grabed my wrists. For a moment we stood there like that, him looking down at me with a grin half-caught on his face, and me lookingup at him: Still Life with Boy and Girl. It would've been the perfect moment to kiss me, but he didn't. He just looked at me and looked at me, and by the time I relizeed I could just as easily kiss him, I noticed that his grin was slipping away. Sam slowly lowered my wrists and relesed them. "I'm glad." he said very quietly. My arms still hung by my sides, right where Sam had put them. I frowned at him. "You were supposed to kiss me." I thought about it." I just kept looking at the soft, sad shape of his lips, looking just like his voice sounded. I was probably staring, but I couldn't stop thinking about how much I wanted him to kiss me and how stupide it was to want it so badly. "Why don't you?" He leaned over and gave mr the lightest of kisses. His lips, cool and dry, ever so polite and incredibly maddening. "I have to get inside soon," he whispered "It's getting cold” ― Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver
灰姑娘的水晶鞋若真的合脚又怎会掉 王子若真的爱她又怎会用鞋寻找而记不住她的容貌
“She had not made a decision to give up sex, only the clamor of romance, because it was exhausting her, doing her no good and too much harm...” ― Michelle Herman, Dog
“Existence, after losing her, would be hell” ― Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights
一愿，时光翩跹时，随缘流浪；二愿，物是人非时，莫失莫忘；三愿，细水流年时，地老天荒。
子言慕雨，启伞避之。 子言好阳，寻荫拒之。 子言喜风，阖户离之。 子言偕老，吾所畏之。 —— 莎士比亚 《诗经版诗歌》
“Love is ______ (fill in the blank yourself).” ― Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday
“The man is always the last to know when Cupid has struck him -Anonymous, Memoirs of a Mistress” ― Sabrina Jeffries, One Night with a Prince
我忽然明白一件事。 或许我们一旦分开，就再没有机会重新认识了。
这世上有成千上万种爱，但从没有一种爱可以重来。 —— 菲茨杰拉德 《那些忧伤的年轻人(菲茨杰拉德作品)》
“This should never have happened, Brishen. We were unimportant, you and I. We weren't supposed to mean anything to anyone." "Woman of day," he said slowly. "You mean everything to me.” ― Grace Draven, Radiance
我曾经爱过你：爱情，也许 在我的心里还没有完全消亡， 但愿它不会再打扰你； 我也不想再使你难过悲伤。 我曾经默默无语地，毫无指望地爱过你， 我既忍受着羞怯，又忍受着嫉妒的折磨； 我曾经那样真诚，那样温柔地爱过你， 但愿上帝保佑你，另一个人也会像我一样爱你。 —— 普希金 《我曾经爱过你》
“Your mother won a special reward," she told me, "because everyone had a head in her pictures. We all applauded.” ― Sarah Dessen, Dreamland
一年有365天 我只爱你4天 春天 夏天 秋天 冬天 一个月里 我只爱你3天 昨天 今天 明天 一个礼拜 我只爱你2天 白天 黑夜 而我只爱你一次 这一次是 一辈子
“When you choose a man who thinks eight seconds is a long time, perhaps you need two of them. Hmm?” ― Cat Johnson
当你喜欢我的时候 我不喜欢你 当你爱上我的时候 我喜欢上你 当你离开我的时候 我却爱上你 是你走的太快 还是我跟不上你的脚步 我们错过了诺亚方舟 错过了泰坦尼克号 错过了一切的惊险与不惊险 我们还要继续错过 我不了解我的寂寞来自何方 但我真的感到寂寞 你也寂寞 世界上每个人都寂寞 只是大家的寂寞都不同 —— 几米 《向左走，向右走》
不管你学什么专业，找工作一定要找个你喜欢的，这样你每天早晨六点到晚上八点都是高兴的。再找个喜欢的人在一起，这样晚上八点到早晨六点就是开心的，这就是生活。
“Hurricanes couldn’t remove you from my mind. You’re my world and I’m incapable of not loving you.” ― Billie-Jo Williams
“A woman has but two loves in life: the one who broke her heart and the one she spends the rest of her life with." - Carolyn Chase, former Broadcast Journalist and heroine Kate Theodore's mother” ― Liz R. Newman
命运之所以强大，在于它可以站在终点看你为它沿途设下的偶遇惊艳，而那些偶遇，虽然每每令你在心中盛赞它的无可取代，但回首看来，却又是那样自然而理所当然的存在，好像拼图上细微得近乎忽略的一块，终究存在了才是完整。 —— 书海沧生 《十年一品温如言》
我爱着，什么也不说； 我爱着，只是我心里知觉； 我珍惜我的秘密， 我也珍惜我的痛苦； 我曾宣誓， 我爱着， 不抱任何希望， 但并不是没有幸福―― 只要能看到你，我就感到满足。 —— 缪塞 《雏菊(诗歌)》
最傻的是暗恋，比暗恋更傻的是互相暗恋。
如果不是来得莫名其妙，怎么能算是怦然心动？ —— priest 《大哥》
“You’re my best friend, You’re my love, You’re my life. I can’t wait to make you my wife! Love, Ryan” ― Tina Reber, Love Unrehearsed
蒹葭苍苍，白露为霜。 所谓伊人，在水一方。 《诗经•蒹葭》
『Sometimes I really want to forget you, just remember this world, however, I often forget the whole world, only remember you. 有时候我真想忘了你，只记得这个世界，然而，我常常忘了整个世界，只记得你。』 —— Ashura筱__殇 《星云以你为名》
“The want for that kiss had shocked him more than the interruption, and he fell back into the chair, cool and nonchalant as Quen came in with his questions and demands. He wasn't sure if he believed he'd really helped, but one thing was very clear. He wanted that again, that feeling of standing with her against all odds and succeeding. He wanted it so bad, he was going to risk destroying everything he and his father had worked for. He should walk away. Right now. But as she was ushered out the door under David's arm, all he wanted to do was follow her. What the hell was he doing, falling in love with a demon?” ― Kim Harrison, A Perfect Blood
当你刚刚迈步离我远去， 我便慌忙计算起你的归期。 —— 珍黛妮·沙阿 《我刚刚笑着同你道别》
做女人就要像胡一菲那样，外貌上的芭比娃娃，行动上的变形金刚，思想上的女流氓，学问上的东方不败。 《爱情公寓》
“Vane’s lips tightened to suppress a smile. “Why so hostile, love?” “You whacked me on the head with a ball!” “You deserved it.” ― Priya Ardis, My Merlin Awakening
“You know that we've got a few problems we need to talk through before we get married." "I'm not getting rid of Pooh." "See, there you go being antagonistic. Marriage means learning to compromise." "I didn't say I wouldn't compromise. I promise to take the ribbon out of her topknot before you walk her.” ― Susan Elizabeth Phillips, It Had to Be You
“Girls," their mother interjected, "you must both stop being strange - it is unattractive. And don't forget your hats. It would be absolutely the end for me if you two came down with freckles at a time like this.” ― Anna Godbersen, The Luxe
“I had liked him for all the wrong reasons.” ― Wendelin Van Draanen, Flipped
“I have you with me, and I'm terrified you'll disappear.” ― Jodi LaPalm, Still Life
我想要一套小房子 能做你的小妻子 一起提着菜篮子 穿过门前的小巷子 饭后用不着你洗盘子 可你得负责抹桌子 再要个胖胖的小孩子 可爱得就象小丸子 等你长出了白胡子 坐在家中老椅子 可会记得这好日子 和我美丽的花裙子 《俗世愿望》
我愿意保留我的俗不可耐的名字，向我自己作为一种警告，设法除去一般知书识字的人咬文嚼字的积习，从柴米油盐，肥皂，水与太阳中去找寻实际的人生。 —— 张爱玲 《必也正名乎》
If I am not the crown, I can't protect you; If I have the crown, I can't hug you. 如果我没有王冠，我就不能保护你；但，如果我拥有王冠，我就不能拥抱你 《继承者们》
“Together, we form a necessary paradox; not a senseless contradiction.” ― Criss Jami, Healology
“Ranger locked eyes with me. "Please," he said. Tank and Hal were goggle-eyed. They weren't used to "please." I wasn't used to it either. But I liked it. Okay," I said. "Be careful. He's insane.” ― Janet Evanovich
“Being with you is as good as being alone.” ― Abbi Waxman, The Bookish Life of Nina Hill
你的心是我去到世界尽头也想回来的地方。 —— 安宁 《温暖的弦》
结婚与恋爱毫无关系，人们老以为恋爱成熟后便自然而然的结婚，却不知结婚只是一种生活方式，人人可以结婚，简单得很。而爱情完全是另外一回事。 —— 亦舒 《我的前半生》
“为了这世上的鱼和雁，你还是少笑一点好。” —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
喜欢和爱的区别：喜欢是心头一热，爱是心头一痛
“Look at me. We aren´t them lauren. You´re not your mother or father any more than I´m my mother. You´re you and I´m me and I love you.” ― Elizabeth Scott, Bloom
范柳原在细雨迷蒙的码头上迎接她。他说她的绿色玻璃雨衣像一只瓶，又注了一句：“药瓶。”她以为他在那里讽嘲她的孱弱，然而他又附耳加了一句：“你是医我的药。” —— 张爱玲 《倾城之恋》
“I stared into his handsome face and let those feelings overwhelm me and in that fleeting time I felt the ghost of our emotional connection. It was just a mere whisper, like a scent on the breeze that blows past you too quickly, bringing with it a memory of something you can’t quite grasp. I wasn’t sure if it was a trick of the light, a flicker of something real, or something I fabricated, but it captured all of my attention. ” ― Colleen Houck
“She leaned into me, and when I closed my eyes, I knew I wanted nothing more than to hold her this way forever.” ― Nicholas Sparks , Dear John
你偷走了我的影子，不论你在哪里，我都会一直想着你。 —— 马克·李维 《偷影子的人》
那一天，闭目在经殿香雾中，蓦然听见你颂经中的真言。 那一月，我摇动所有的转经筒，不为超度，只为触摸你的指尖。 那一年，磕长头匍匐在山路，不为觐见，只为贴着你的温暖。 那一世，转山转水转佛塔啊，不为修来生，只为途中与你相见。 —— 何训田 《信徒》
“By the way, you don't need the makeup." Puck said.” ― Michael Buckley, The Problem Child
“I walk through the black Indiana night, under a ceiling of stars, and think about the phrase "elegance and euphoria," and how it describes exactly what I feel with Violet. For once, I don't want to be anyone but Theodore Finch, the boy she sees. He understands what it is to be elegant and euphoric and a hundered different people most of them flawed and stupid, part asshole, part screwup, part freak, a boy who wants to be easy for the folks around him so that he doesn't worry them and, most of all, easy for himself. A boy who belongs - here in the world, here in his own skin. He is exactly who I want to be and what I want my epitaph to say: The Boy Violet Markey Loves.” ― Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places
“I liked you the first time I saw you. You were sitting on the floor surrounded by books, and you looked up when I opened the door and smiled right at me. It felt like you had been waiting for me, like you were welcoming me home.” ― Josh Lanyon, Sort of Stranger Than Fiction
“He murmured her name, tenderly taking her face in his hands. “I love you,” he said, his voice low and fervent. “I love you with everything I am, everything I’ve been, and everything I hope to be.” “I love you with my past, and I love you for my future.” He bent forward and kissed her, once, softly, on the lips. “I love you for the children we’ll have and for the years we’ll have together. I love you for every one of my smiles, and even more, for every one of your smiles.” ― Julia Quinn, Romancing Mister Bridgerton
横亘在我们面前的是那沉重的人生和漫长的时间，让人望而却步。 《秒速5厘米》
年少时的爱情，就是欢天喜地的认为与眼前人过一辈子所以预想以后种种，一口咬定它会实现。 —— 夏七夕 《后来我们都哭了》
“And if you say that's because you lot barged into her home like a herd of mentally deficient sheep, I'm disowning all three of you.” ― Julia Quinn, The Duke and I
“And here, finally here in this place, in these circumstances, I will really have to kill him. And Snow will win. Hot, bitter hatred courses through me. Snow has won too much already today. It's a long shot, it's suicide maybe, but I do the only thing I can think of. I lean in and kiss Peeta full on the mouth. His whole body starts shuddering, but I keep my lips pressed to his until I have to come up for air. My hands slide up his wrists to clasp his. "Don't let him take you from me." Peeta's panting hard as he fights the nightmares raging in his head. "No. I don't want to..." I clench his hands to the point of pain. "Stay with me." His pupils contract to pinpoints, dilate again rapidly, and then return to something resembling normalcy. "Always," he murmurs.” ― Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay
“Tereza knew what happens during the moment love is born: the woman cannot resist the voice calling forth her terrified soul; the man cannot resist the woman whose soul thus responds to his voice.” ― Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being
别追公交车了，追我吧。 我走得很慢而且很可爱。 《最撩人的情话是什么？》
“A witch, a vampire, and a pixy walk into a bar, I thought as I led the way into the Squirrel’s End. It was early, and the sun had yet to set when the door swung shut behind Jenks, sealing us in the warm air smelling faintly of smoke. Immediately Nick yanked it open to come in behind us. And there’s the punch line.” ― Kim Harrison, A Fistful of Charms
“When I watch you sleep," he said shakily, "I feel overwhelmed that you exist.” ― Emily Henry, Beach Read
“There was nothing sweet or gentle in our last kiss; it was filled with sorrow and desperation, of the bitter knowledge that we could've had something perfect, but it just wasn't meant to be.” ― Julie Kagawa, The Iron Daughter
多少浅浅淡淡的转身，是旁人看不懂的情深。
“Roarke: You'd enjoy flying more if you'd learn the controls. Eve: I'd rather pretend I'm on the ground. Roarke: And how many vehicles have you wrecked, had blown up, or destroyed in the last, oh, two years? Eve: Think about that, then imagine it happening when I'm at the wheel at thirty thousand feet. Roarke: Good point. I'll do the flying.” ― J.D. Robb, Kindred in Death
其实，在这个世界上到处都存在着一种爱的延续。两个人在这种延续中会将一种渴求转向另一种新的渴求，从而有了更高的共同目标，也就是超越他们自身之上的伟大理想。
“I don't need handcuffs to enslave a woman." -Ranger to Stephanie” ― Janet Evanovich, Hard Eight
“Most parents try really hard to give their kids the best possible life. They give them the best food and clothes they can afford, take their own kind of take on training kids to be honest and polite. But what they don't realize is no matter how much they try, their kids will get out there. Out to this complicated little world. If they are lucky they will survive, through backstabbers, broken hearts, failures and all the kinds of invisible insane pressures out there. But most kids get lost in them. They will get caught up in all kinds of bubbles. Trouble bubbles. Bubbles that continuously tell them that they are not good enough. Bubbles that get them carried away with what they think is love, give them broken hearts. Bubbles that will blur the rest of the world to them, make them feel like that is it, that they've reached the end. Sometimes, even the really smart kids, make stupid decisions. They lose control. Parents need to realize that the world is getting complicated every second of every day. With new problems, new diseases, new habits. They have to realize the vast probability of their kids being victims of this age, this complicated era. Your kids could be exposed to problems that no kind of therapy can help. Your kids could be brainwashed by themselves to believe in insane theories that drive them crazy. Most kids will go through this stage. The lucky ones will understand. They will grow out of them. The unlucky ones will live in these problems. Grow in them and never move forward. They will cut themselves, overdose on drugs, take up excessive drinking and smoking, for the slightest problems in their lives. You can't blame these kids for not being thankful or satisfied with what they have. Their mentality eludes them from the reality.” ― Thisuri Wanniarachchi, COLOMBO STREETS
爱情使人忘记时间，时间也使人忘记爱情。 —— 张小娴 《雪地里的单车》
“Patience is a virtue and the best things in life are worth waiting for.” ― Julie Spira, The Perils of Cyber-Dating: Confessions of a Hopeful Romantic Looking for Love Online
“Not really hungry." "She’ll eat." Pritkin said curtly. "I said —" "If you starve to death it would damage my professional reputation." "I eat plenty." "The same does not apply should I strangle you in understandable irritation, however." "I’ll have a sandwich," I told Nick. "No meat.” ― Karen Chance, Embrace the Night
韶华不为少年留。恨悠悠。几时休。 —— 秦观 《江城子·西城杨柳弄春柔》
“What were you thinking?" I demanded once we were moving to the music. I was trying to ignore his hands. "Do you know how much trouble you may have gotten me in?" Adrian grinned. "Nah. They all feel bad for you. You'll achieve martyrdom after dancing with a mean, wicked vampire. Job security with the Alchemists.” ― Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell
“I was afraid. Of getting hurt in other ways. To be truthful, I still am." His thumb stroked her cheek. "I would never hurt you." "I don't think you can promise me that." She squeezed his bruised fingers. "But it makes things a bit more equal, to know that I can hurt you, too." His gaze fell to her lips. He said simply, without any trace of irony, "You are killing me.” ― Tessa Dare, One Dance with a Duke
我们终究如愿以偿，但彼此都不是当初约好的模样。 —— 长着翅膀的大灰狼 《如愿》
你说谎话就像呼吸一样自然。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
最大的遗憾，不是错过了最好的人，而是当你遇见更好的人时，却已经把最好的自己用完了。 —— 西门龙霆 《拒嫁豪门：少奶奶99次出逃》
一些人存在的意义总归是让另一些人成长，然后消失。 —— 刘同 《谁的青春不迷茫》
很久很久以前，我就想着，假如我有一个心上人，我要把我的愉悦和快乐全部弹给他听，把我的悲伤和难过全部哭给他听。 我的心上人，此时，他在这里。 —— 唐七公子 《华胥引》
“If not for me being stoned and clinging to a taco, it would have been terribly romantic.” ― Richelle Mead, Succubus on Top
“But I'll have to ask you to wait a long time, Anne," said Gilbert sadly. "It will be three years before I'll finish my medical course. And even then there will be no diamond sunbursts and marble halls." Anne laughed. "I don't want sunbursts and marble halls. I just want YOU. You see I'm quite as shameless as Phil about it. Sunbursts and marble halls may be all very well, but there is more `scope for imagination' without them. And as for the waiting, that doesn't matter. We'll just be happy, waiting and working for each other -- and dreaming. Oh, dreams will be very sweet now." Gilbert drew her close to him and kissed her. Then they walked home together in the dusk, crowned king and queen in the bridal realm of love, along winding paths fringed with the sweetest flowers that ever bloomed, and over haunted meadows where winds of hope and memory blew.” ― L. M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island
我不是慢热，也不是冷血，我只是害怕，投入太多，离开的时候会难过
傻子偷乞丐的钱包，被瞎子看到了，哑巴大吼一声，把聋子吓了一跳，驼子挺身而出，瘸子飞起一脚，通辑犯要拉他去公安局，麻子说，看在我的面子上就算了吧 —— 林宛瑜 《爱情公寓》
如果有一天， 让你心动的再也感动不了你，让你愤怒的再也激怒不了你，让你悲伤的再也不能让你流泪，你便知道这时光，这生活给了你什么，你为了成长，付出了什么。 —— 非天夜翔 《王子病的春天》
“Here’s what I know: death abducts the dying, but grief steals from those left behind.” ― Katherine Owen, Seeing Julia
你一会儿看我，一会儿看云，我觉得你看我时很远，你看云时很近 —— 顾城 《远与近》
“That’s the really annoying thing about love. I probably would be happier if I didn’t know it, but once you do know it, once you feel those things for someone, you can’t make yourself really wish it away. It’s like wishing away . . . your soul. - Jenny” ― Toni Blake, One Reckless Summer
“You sleep okay, sweetie?” “Miss my teddy,” Billie replied. Personally, I thought Detective Mitch Lawson was far superior to a tiny pink teddy bear but I wasn’t six years old.” ― Kristen Ashley, Law Man
“Our universe grants every soul a twin- a reflection of themselves -the kindred spirit - And no matter where they are or how far away they are from each other- even if they are in different dimensions, they will always find one another. This is destiny; this is love.” ― Julie Dillon
这么多年 你一直在我心口幽居 我放下过天地，却从未放下过你 渐悟也好，顿悟也罢 世间事除了生死 哪一件事不是闲事 我独坐须弥山巅 将万里浮云一眼看开 一个人在雪中弹琴 另一个人在雪中知音 生命中的千山万水任你一一告别 殉葬的花朵，开合有度 菩提的果实，奏响了空山 告诉我 你藏在落叶下的那些脚印 暗示着多少祭日，专供我法外逍遥
一场盛世，谁乱了相思无暇，咫尺成画，为你负了这江山也罢，不过一纸繁华。 一场盛世，谁定了三生佳话，咫尺成画，为你毁了这官途也罢，不过飞黄腾达。 一场盛世，谁弃了海角天涯，咫尺成画，为你弃了这苍生也罢，不过闲庭看花。 一场盛世，谁遣了朱栏画匣，咫尺成画，为你葬了这家国也罢，不过闲话桑麻。 一场盛世，谁输了佳人玉华，咫尺成画，为你屠了这天下也罢，不过平生造化。 一场盛世，谁苦了奈何横祸，咫尺成画，为你寒了这民心也罢，不过青史一划。 一场盛世，谁叱了苍凉疯话，咫尺成画，为你背了这庸名也罢，不过浮生千匝。
“Come to think of it, she did not speak a word. Yet I could have sworn she had the most beautiful voice.” ― Julie Klassen, The Silent Governess
很爱你，却不知道该如何靠近你，所以觉得离开是可以的．并没有什么不同．结果反正都是这样，是好是坏都不重要．重要的是我曾经迷恋你．
有人问我：分手了那么久还记得你的前一任么？怎么说呢？记得显得太花心，不记得，显得太薄情，其实我觉得，那个人就好比我走路撞上了一个电线杆，很痛，以后我走路都会绕着电线杆走， 可能很久以后，我都不记得撞得有多痛了，可是，那个电线杆，永远都在。
也想不相思，可免相思苦。几度细思量，情愿相思苦。 —— 胡适 《调寄生查子》
“Will sat down beside his wife and pulled her into his lap. “I am going to kiss your mother now,” he announced. “Flee if you will, children. If not, we could play Ludo when the romance is over.” “The romance is never over,” said James glumly. Tessa laughed and put up her face to be kissed.” ― Cassandra Clare, Chain of Gold
喜欢的歌，静静地听，喜欢的人，远远地看。 —— 饶雪漫 《左耳(电影)》
“I live for sex. I celebrate it, and relish the electricity of it, with every fibre of my being. I can see no better reason for being alive.” ― Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual
情人的泪，一滴就醉，多情的心，一揉就碎。 —— 曾小贤 《爱情公寓》
“Do you really expect me to fall apart every time another woman throws herself at you? Because, if that's so, I'll be a nervous wreck before the honeymoon's over. Although, if they do it in front of me..." He went still. "Did you just propose to me?" She bristled. "Do you have a problem with that?" The scoreboard lit up, and he gave the world a high five. "God, I love you.” ― Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Natural Born Charmer
曾经拥有的，不要忘记。不能得到的，更要珍惜。属于自己的，不要放弃。已经失去的，留作回忆。 《曾经(电影)》
我把孤独送给天涯 我把余生留给放下
“I slipped in and out of consciousness as time stretched and flowed around me. Dreams and reality blurred, but I liked the dreams better. Noah was in them. I dreamed of us, walking hand in hand down a crowded street in the middle of the day. We were in New York. I was in no rush—I could walk with him forever—but Noah was. He pulled me alongside him, strong and determined and not smiling. Not today. We wove among the people, somehow not touching a single one. The trees were green and blossoming. It was spring, almost summer. A strong wind shook a few steadfast flowers off of the branches and into our path. We ignored them. Noah led me into Central Park. It was teeming with human life. Bright colored picnic blankets burst across the lawn, the pale, outstretched forms of people wriggling over them like worms in fruit. We passed the reservoir, the sun reflecting off its surface, and then the crowd began to thicken. They funneled into a throbbing mass as we strode up a hill, over and through. Until we could see them all below us, angry and electric. Noah reached into his bag. He pulled out the little cloth doll, my grandmother’s. The one we burned.” ― Michelle Hodkin, The Retribution of Mara Dyer
“Looks like Kelsey wins the award for early riser. And doesn’t she look purtier than a pat of butter meltin’ all over a stack of griddle cakes?” ― Colleen Houck
我的上眼皮爱上了下眼皮，为了成全它们，晚安啦
“I love you, Katherine James. I love you with everything I am. You're the best thing that has ever happened to me. Remember that." Gabe Rossiter” ― Pamela Clare, Naked Edge
爱若无法抚慰彼此，便不过是喜欢而已。 —— 张小娴 《相逢》
愿余生鲜花怒马，有人配你看烈焰繁花。愿浮华素面白纱，有人陪你渡恬淡年华
“And we were kissing like drowning people breathe-- like suddenly we'd discovered something that has never been so sweet before that moment.” ― Morgan Matson, Amy & Roger's Epic Detour
曾经有一瞬间我希望时间永远停止，只为了，无论如何都不想听到的一句话。 《来自星星的你》
男人的爱情如果不专一，那他和任何女人在一起都会感到幸福
“Good evening, Mrs. Grey," Christian says softly. He's standing by the piano, dressed in a tight black T-shirt, and jeans...those jeans- the ones he wore in the playroom. Oh my. They are over washed pale-blue denim, snug, ripped at the knee and hot. He saunters over to me, his feet bare, the top button of the jeans undone, his smoldering eyes never leaving mine. "Good to have you home. I've been waiting for you.” ― E.L. James, Fifty Shades Freed
“Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.” ― Sherrilyn Kenyon, Born of Shadows
“You're my sister," he said finally. "My sister, my blood, my family. I should want to protect you"—he laughed soundlessly without any humor—"to protect you from the sort of boys who want to do with you exactly what I want to do." Clary's breath caught. "You said you just wanted to be my brother from now on." "I lied," he said. "Demons lie, Clary. You know, there are some kinds of wounds you can get when you're a Shadowhunter—internal injuries from demon poison. You don't even know what's wrong with you, but you're bleeding to death slowly inside. That's what it's like, just being your brother." "But Aline—" "I had to try. And I did." His voice was lifeless. "But God knows, I don't want anyone but you. I don't even want to want anyone but you." He reached out, trailed his fingers lightly through her hair, fingertips brushing her cheek. "Now at least I know why." Clary's voice had sunk to a whisper. "I don't want anyone but you, either.” ― Cassandra Clare, City of Glass
与君初相识，犹如故人归。
金风玉露一相逢，便胜却人间无数。 —— 秦观 《鹊桥仙·纤云弄巧》
她问:“我的缺点多不多？” 他:“像星星一样多。” “那优点呢？” “像太阳一样少。” “那为什么会选我呢？” “因为太阳一出来，星星就消失了”
强言的欢笑总是盖不住内心的伤 就像月亮他永远挡不住太阳的光
“But do we know how to make love stay?' I can't even think about it. The best I can do is play it day by day.” ― Tom Robbins, Still Life with Woodpecker
16岁时我们共用一个课桌,胳膊与胳膊相距不过10厘米,我的余光里全是他。 26岁我从清晨醒来,侧头看到阳光落在他脸上,想与他这样慢慢变老。 也许这就是爱情吧。 —— 乔一 《我不喜欢这个世界我只喜欢你》
有一个人，教会你怎样去爱了，但是，他却不爱你了。以后，我再也不会奋不顾身的去爱一个人了，哪怕是你。我终于明白，人这一辈子，真爱只有一回，而后即便再有如何缠绵的爱情，终究不会再伤筋动骨。
上邪！我欲与君相知，长命无绝衰。山无陵，江水为竭，冬雷震震，夏雨雪，天地合，乃敢与君绝。 —— 汉乐府 《上邪》
“Lines I die but when the grave shall press The heart so long endeared to thee When earthy cares no more distress And earthy joys are nought to me. Weep not, but think that I have past Before thee o'er the sea of gloom. Have anchored safe and rest at last Where tears and mouring can not come. 'Tis I should weep to leave thee here On that dark ocean sailing drear With storms around and fears before And no kind light to point the shore. But long or short though life may be 'Tis nothing to eternity. We part below to meet on high Where blissful ages never die.” ― Emily Bronte
“Clinging to him desperately, Sara kept her mouth at his ear. "Listen to me." All she could do was play her last card. Her voice trembled with emotion. "You can't change the truth. You can act as though you're deaf and blind, you can walk away from me forever, but the truth will still be there, and you can't make it go away. I love you." She felt an involuntary tremor run through him. "I love you," she repeated. "Don't lie to either of us by pretending you're leaving for my good. All you'll do is deny us both a chance at happiness. I'll long for you every day and night, but at least my conscience will be clear. I haven't held anything back from you, out of fear or pride or stubbornness." She felt the incredible tautness of his muscles, as if he were carved from marble. "For once have the strength not to walk away,"she whispered. "Stay with me. Let me love you, Derek.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Dreaming of You
“You know,” she said dreamily, passing over his question, “you’re not nearly as handsome as Lord St.Vincent.” “There’s a surprise,” he said dryly. “But for some reason,” she continued, “I never want to kiss him the way I do you.” It was a good thing that she had closed her eyes, for if she had seen his expression, she might not have continued. “There is something about you that makes me feel terribly wicked. You make me want to do shocking things. Maybe it’s because you’re so proper. Your necktie is never crooked, and your shoes are always shiny. And your shirts are so starchy. Sometimes when I look at you, I want to tear off all your buttons. Or set your trousers on fire.” ― Lisa Kleypas, It Happened One Autumn
“How poor are they that have no patients! What wound did ever heal but by degrees?'" "Shakespeare isn't going to save you this time, Superman. Your time's run out." He scowled. "Perhaps I should have been studying The Taming of the Shrew!” ― Colleen Houck, Tiger's Voyage
“Hate. Huh. He'd never hated himself. If anything, he'd always liked himself a little too much. Once, a human female had even accused him of picturing his own face while he climaxed. He hadn't denied it, either, and next time he'd slept with her, he'd made sure to scream, "Strider" at the pivotal moment." --Strider, keeper of the demon of Defeat--” ― Gena Showalter, The Darkest Secret
“Falling in love is not a rational process. It can't be planned or avoided. It happens--for good or bad it simply happens. - Katrina Svensen” ― Suzanne Selfors, Coffeehouse Angel
“Out of the darkness of my life, so much frustrated, I put before you the one great thing to love on earth: the Blessed Sacrament … There you will find romance, glory, honour, fidelity, and the true way of all your loves upon earth.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien
生命中曾经有过的所有灿烂，原来终究，都需要用寂寞来偿还。
微微乐了一阵，忽然问肖奈：“如果我真的红杏出墙，你真的不会介意？” “ 不介意。”肖奈回答得轻描淡写。 咦，微微惊讶地看着他，还以为他会砍树枝呢。 察觉到她疑惑的目光，肖奈轻轻笑了一下。 红灯，他停住车，转眸看她， “最多，你出墙一寸，我挪墙一寸，你出一尺，我挪一丈。” —— 顾漫 《微微一笑很倾城》
煮一壶茶折一枝白梅花 撑一把青伞泠泠雨落下 香桃木开满坟前惹风沙 谁的思念在石碑上发芽 梦一场她城下作画 描一幅山水人家 雪纷纷下 葬了千层塔 生死隔断寂寞天涯 梦一场她起弦风雅 奏一段白头韶华 雪纷纷下 葬了千层塔 似镜中月华他不知真假 长安的誓言啊史书未写下 —— 唐七公子 《华胥引》
白子画，黄泉路上，忘川河中，三生石旁，奈何桥头，我可有见过你？ —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
那时，你的微笑，慌乱了我的青春。
“Kitty need's a tounge bath” ― Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave
既见君子，云胡不喜。 《诗经・国风・郑风・风雨》
“i don't blame you for not knowing how to remain soft with me. sometimes i stay up thinking of all the places you are hurting which you'll never care to mention. i come from the same aching blood. from the same bone so desperate for attention i collapse in on myself. i am your daughter. i know the small talk is the only way you know how to tell me you love me. cause it is the only way i know how to tell you.” ― Rupi Kaur, Milk and Honey
“Who ends up with their first real boyfriend? Yeah, no one. - Courtney” ― Lauren Barnholdt, Two-Way Street
“Jenks enthusiastically leaned against the counter and opened the box. Bypassing the plastic knife, he broke off about a third of it and took a huge bite. Ivy watched, appalled, and I shrugged. His mouth moving as he hummed, Jenks finished unpacking the sacks. I was half dead, Ivy was whoring herself to keep me safe, but Jenks was okay as long as he had chocolate.” ― Kim Harrison, A Fistful of Charms
“and that's where love finds you... in the tragedies.” ― Colleen Hoover, Too Late
听说双十一什么都很便宜，那你能不能和我在一起，就当便宜我。
等待一场姹紫嫣红的花事，是幸福，在阳光下和喜欢的人一起筑梦，是幸福，守着一段冷暖交织的光阴慢慢变老，亦是幸福 —— 白落梅 《你若安好，便是晴天》
你说你爱烟雨微茫，雨来时你却伞遮霓裳；你说你爱春光灿烂，阳光普照时你却孑然惆怅；你说你爱微风轻柔，风拂发梢时你却紧闭门窗。这便是为何你说你也深深爱我，我却眼波成霜。
总有那么一个地方，一个人， 让你心动，留恋不已。 总有那么一个人，一句对不起， 让你心痛，刻骨铭心。
“And to see the white flash of Klaus's eyes as he whirled on her. For one stunned instant she stared at him, and then lightning crackled. From an empty sky.” ― L.J. Smith, Dark Reunion
以前的我很快乐。就因为太快乐了，所以当悲伤降临，如此轻易的就被完全摧毁。可是人不能借口逃避悲伤，就忽略那些自己应该做的事。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
浮华一生，淡忘一季。 空有回忆，打乱缠绵。 笑容不见，落寞万千。 弦，思华年。 那些年华，恍然如梦。 亦如，流水，一去不返。 不泣离别，不诉终殇
泛黄的照片失了真，承诺像刀伤了人。 —— 方文山 《围城》
爱别离，怨憎会，撒手西归，全无是类。不过是满眼空花，一片虚幻。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
这样好的天气，适合出门，适合偷拍，适合与你，携手同行。 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
“After listening and getting to know more about you. Also, feeling a deep connection between us that goes beyond physical attraction. I'm beginning to feel for, so much more than the friendship that I waited to grow with you. I'm not going to try and rush things. However, I don't want to wait until it's to late.” ― Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable
“Live, Princess, for me. I love You” ― Molly McAdams, Stealing Harper
“I caught his hand. “What do you want me to do?” Leaning down, he kissed the pulse beating on my neck just above the damaged skin. “Tomorrow, I need you to die.” ― Priya Ardis, My Merlin Awakening
“. . I tell you Dain is a splendid catch. I advise you to set your hooks and reel him in.” Jessica took a long swallow of her cognac. “This is not a trout, Genevieve. This is a great, hungry shark.” “Then use a harpoon.” ― Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels
谁敢说，一见钟情，与色相而向心关？ —— 萧碧华 《青蛇》
爱情是一个人的事，一个人的义无返顾，一个人的冷暖自知，一个人的天荒地老，无关其它。 —— 独木舟 《你是我的独家记忆》
诗经——《子衿》 青青子衿，悠悠我心。 纵我不满轻来声，子宁不嗣音？ 青青子佩，悠悠我思。 纵我不满轻来声，子宁不来？ 挑兮满轻兮，在城阙兮。 一日不见，如人格以就子兮。 —— 诗经 《诗经》
可是，思念清冷如霜雪。如果天明日光照耀，你我手里依然一无所有，也请你不要绝望，为我珍重。即使，告别爱情的时候，也希望你一切都好；我不再爱你的时候，也许不是我不爱你，只是，我已不能再爱你。 —— 安意如 《人生若只如初见》
谁先爱了，谁就输了。 —— 辛夷坞 《致我们终将逝去的青春》
这一生，这一世，因为不再有你，所以爱情轰然老去。 —— 夏七夕 《我和你的笑忘书》
“Everybody is equally weak on the inside, just that some present their ruins as new castles and become kings –” ― Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice
“Like a shot from a movie, the morning sun shone brilliantly around him like a god—his dark hair glinted warmly in the light, and his eyes gleamed bluer than the south Pacific Ocean. Taylor's mind went blank. And suddenly, she couldn't remember why the hell she ever had been angry with Jason Andrews. But then he spoke. "Sleeping in this morning, Ms. Donovan?" he drawled. Moment over.” ― Julie James, Just the Sexiest Man Alive
我不问+你不说=这就是距离； 我问了+你不说=隔阂； 我问了+你说了=信任； 你不说+我不问=这就是默契； 我不问+你说了=这就是依赖。 心若亲近，言行必如流水般自然； 心若疏远，言行只如三秋之树般萧瑟。 不怕身隔天涯，只怕心在南北！
我的意中人是个盖世英雄，有一天他会踩着七色云彩来娶我，我猜中了前头可我猜不着这结局。 —— 周星驰 《大话西游》
这个世界上好像所有愿望都有寄托：许愿池，流星雨…… 都藏着宇宙的各个角落，正独自喜欢着别人的心酸。只是幸运之神不能眷顾到每个人的身上，他们让有的人开心，如愿以偿。也让有的人难过，却不能承认自己有多难过。 暗恋的心情就像是，蝴蝶不过轻轻扇动了一下翅膀，就在人们的心里刮起了一阵飓风。 《如此可爱的我们》
“If you get yourself killed, I'll find your grave and spit on it," she threatened.” ― Julie Garwood, Honor's Splendour
“[Ranger] "How's your mental health?" he asked. "I heard about Soder." [Stephanie] "I'm rattled." "I have a cure." Oh, boy. He put the truck in gear and headed for the exit. "I know what you're thinking," he said. "And that wasn't where I was going. I was going to suggest work." "I knew that." He looked over at me and grinned. "You want me bad." I did. God help me.” ― Janet Evanovich
“In the beginning, being alone is always a choice. Then it's not a choice anymore. When did it stop being a choice? What is it in me that stopped choosing you, that moved into you instead so that I have to be with you in order to be with myself?” ― Gunnar Ardelius, I Need You More Than I Love You and I Love You to Bits
“You never get mad,” she said when their server left the table. “Except at me.” “That’s not true,” he said tightly. “Torie can get me going.” “Torie doesn’t count. You were obviously her mother in a previous life.” ― Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Call Me Irresistible
“So, Beav, tell me about yourself." "I'm Blue." "Sweetheart, if I had your dubious taste in men, I wouldn't be too happy, either." "My name is Blue. Blue Bailey.” ― Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Natural Born Charmer
“Do whatever you must, Karigan," he told her, his voice so quiet it would not carry, "to come back. You must come back. To me." ~King Zachary” ― Kristen Britain, Blackveil
没错 有些幻想了很久的东西 到最后你会发现 并非像预想中的那样 既不美好 也不可怕 就像这个门后的世界 只是一个被遗忘的扫帚间 但是却依然无法阻挡年轻的心 为之憧憬 为之疯狂 跳过眼前的那道坎 红色的念想 也许只剩下 蓝色的冲动 但你真的会发现 你想扔掉的东西已经抛之脑后 而你想得到的 已经牢牢地捏在手心 —— 曾小贤 《爱情公寓4》
“Hades was the personification of dark and dangerous--a living, breathing Batman.” ― P.C. Cast, Goddess of Spring
“I love you breathlessly, my amazing man.” ― Paullina Simons, The Bronze Horseman
时光静好，与君语；细水流年，与君同；繁华落尽，与君老。 岁月如歌，伴伊吟，坎坷人生，伴伊度，灯火阑珊，伴伊眠。 时光静好，与君语；细水流年，与君同；繁华落尽，与君老。 岁月如梭，与子歌，光阴荏苒，与子舞，洗尽铅华，与子好。 时光静好，与君语；细水流年，与君同；繁华落尽，与君老。 岁月如梭，与卿舞；光阴荏苒，与卿随；洗尽铅华，与卿享。 —— 仙枫红叶 《神秘王爷独宠妃》
我生，要她记着我，我死。也要她记着我。 —— 天衣有风 《凤囚凰》
爱情，亦三种境界耳。少年出乎好奇，青年在与审美，中年归向求知。老之将至，义无反顾。 —— 木心 《即兴判断》
我的他，不是盖世英雄，也没能驾着七彩祥云来娶我，但不妨碍我今生最爱是他。这世界上有一千种等待，最好的那一种，叫做来日可期。 —— 颜末 《夏至未至》
“She turned to look at him, and he was already looking at her. “I’m going to miss you when I wake up,” she whispered, because she realized that she must have fallen asleep under the sun. Arin was too real for her imagination. He was a dream. “Don’t wake up,” he said.” ― Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Crime
我从未拥有你，却感觉已失去你千万次。 —— 蜘蛛 《十宗罪5》
“because being with you makes perfect sense” ― Tim McGraw
对，我就是喜欢你，喜欢得无可救药。 怎么，不服？不服你也喜欢我啊！ 《最撩人的情话是什么？》
“I love you.” I stared stupidly at him. Was he joking again, reciting another line from my story? I didn’t remember writing this. He leaned in and kissed me. I didn’t respond for a few seconds. My mind lagged behind what my body was feeling. “Say it,” he whispered against my lips. “I know this is hard for you. Tell me.” “I love you.” Hearing my own words, I gasped at the rush of emotion. He put his hands on either side of my jaw and took my mouth with his.” ― Jennifer Echols, Love Story
派大星：“嗨，海绵宝宝，我们去抓水母吧。”海绵宝宝：“对不起，今天不行，我要上学。”派大星：“如果你去上学的话，我今天该干点什么？”海绵宝宝：“我不知道，一般我不在家的时候，你都干些什么啊？”派大星：“等你回来。” 《海绵宝宝》
“I don't want to be in love but you're makin' me” ― Jonny Lang
“Born to be wild; born to be free; nobody owns you; you are, a romantic tree.” ― Santosh Kalwar
“No need, no, need. Life is already too short to find it.” ― Jessica Day George, Princess of the Midnight Ball
“I'm a terrible prince. I should put my kingdom first and everything else second, but your first. I want you by my side every second, but I know I would crumble if I lost you.” ― Shannon Hale, Enna Burning
“If I gave you a pity position it wouldn't be in my office.” ― Janet Evanovich, Eleven on Top
“He smiled. "I suppose I thought we'd have a madly impractical, terrifyingly modern sort of marriage. One based on love. Not to mention dangerous undertakings and hair's-breadth escapes from burning buildings, high ledges and exploding sewers." "And bickering." "Always that, yes." "Assuming I want to marry at all." "True. I know of no good way of forcing you to do anything." "And you're mad enough to think it could work - one day?" He cupped her face in his hands. His smile was so brilliant it seemed to illuminate the room. "I think it would be heaven." She trembled, then. "You have a very strange idea of heaven." "Kiss me and see.” ― Y.S. Lee, The Traitor in the Tunnel
“my good qualities are under your protection, and you are to exaggerate them as much as possible; and, in return, it belongs to me to find occasion for teasing and quarreling with you as often as may be...” ― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice
“I had a dream about you last night. I was alone on a dark night and you came to me as a firefly. I knew it was you because you were the brightest.” ― Crystal Hudson, Dreaming is for lovers
We laughed and kept saying "See you soon". But inside we both knew we'd never see each other again. 虽然我们互相笑着说“回头见”，但是我们都心知肚明，分离即永别。 《海上钢琴师》
“Hello little one. Did you know you're on private property?" "Really? I had no idea." Meryn fudged. He raised an eyebrow. "The ten foot fence right behind you didn't give it away?” ― Alanea Alder, My Commander
若君为我赠玉簪，我便为君绾长发，洗尽铅华，从此以后，日暮天涯。时光静好，与君语；细水长流，与君同；繁华落尽，与君老。却，一念起，天涯咫尺；一念灭，咫尺天涯。 《子夜歌》
我甘心为你画地为牢，也是我，亲手把钥匙扔掉 《一禅小和尚》
“This time the fluttery feeling in my stomach was more intense. It made the inside of my thighs tingle and my breathing deepen.” ― P.C. Cast Kristin Cast
“Sometimes limbs must be re-broken to set properly, her heart too needed to shatter anew before it could truly heal.” ― Sherry Thomas, Not Quite a Husband
如果，不幸福，如果，不快乐，那就放手吧 如果，舍不得、放不下，那就痛苦吧
我的占有欲很强，靠近我就别想离开 《最撩人的情话是什么？》
人最痛苦的不是梦想还在远方，而是眼前的平庸越来越理所当然 《那件疯狂的小事叫爱情》
我必须做你近旁的一株木棉 作为树的形象和你站在一起 根，紧握在地下 叶，相触在云里 每一阵风过我们都互相致意 但没有人听懂我们的言语 你有你的铜枝铁干 像刀，像剑，也像戟 我有我红硕的花朵 像沉重的叹息 又像英勇的火炬 我们分担寒潮风雷霹雳 我们共享雾霭流岚虹霓 仿佛永远分离，却又终身相依 这才是伟大的爱情 坚贞就在这里 爱，不仅爱你伟岸的身躯 也爱你坚持的位置，足下的土地 —— 舒婷 《致橡树》
“He wanted to be a poet,' someone else put in while Maggie hugged Tim and patted his back. 'Said he'd only lacked the words to be one.” ― Nora Roberts, Born in Fire
未经失恋的人不懂爱情，未曾失意的人不懂人生。 —— 周国平 《人与永恒》
能遇见，就够了吧。哪怕没有修成正果，只要结果不是太悲惨，都好过空白。 —— 八月长安 《橘生淮南・暗恋》
“Point is, maybe some people wouldn't want to be around me all day, but there are people out there who would. And they're smart and funny. And they like some of the same things I like and hate some of the things I hate, but they also introduce me to all kinds of new things. That's as close to 'meant to be' as I can imagine.” ― Lauren Morrill, Meant to Be
“幸福是什么？就是晴天的时候可以晒晒被子聊聊天。阴天窝在屋子里，没事的时候吵吵架打打孩子。” —— 南康白起 《浮生六记(南康白起小说)》
失望，有时候也是一种幸福，因为有所期待所以才会失望。因为有爱，才会有期待，所以纵使失望，也是一种幸福，虽然这种幸福有点痛。 —— 张小娴 《荷包里的单人床》
“Miss Mitchell had a lovely voice, it was true, but Miss Mitchell speaking Italian was something celestial. Her ruby mouth opening and closing, the delicate way she almost sang the words, her tongue peeking out to wet her lips from time to time...Professor Emerson had to remind himself to close his mouth after it had dropped open.” ― Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Inferno
“It all comes down to who is by your side and who is willing to stand up for love even when it seems impossible.” ― Nicholas Sparks, A Walk to Remember
“The Night World isn't a place. It's all around us. The creatures of Night World are beautiful and deadly and irresitable to humans. Your best friend could be one-so could your crush.” ― l.j. smith
“There was a time when our desire for each other would have landed us in an asylum or prison, had it not been sanctioned by mutual assent. True or false.” ― Lawrence Krauser, Lemon
“Watching my parents I've learnt a lesson many do not recognize. True love is not signaled by romantic, candle light dinners, red roses glistening with dew, or even Valentine's day celebrations. While these things may accompany our feelings, love is truly more than all those! Love is being with your spouse even when its not pleasing. Sometimes, love is walking down the hall, with your spouse hanging onto your shoulders and walking at a turtle's pace down the hall, just because surgery made life a burden. Love is patient, love is kind, love is Jesus! May we always remember love is not always tied in bows!﻿” ― Mary Kate
不太热烈的爱情才会维持久远
“Women tend to love men in their presence, while men tend to love women in their absence.” ― Sherry Argov, Why Men Marry Bitches: A Woman's Guide to Winning Her Man's Heart
“Some people like the Jews, and some do not. But no thoughtful man can deny the fact that they are, beyond any question, the most formidable and most remarkable race which has appeared in the world. — Winston S. Churchill” ― Ellen Brazer, Clouds Across the Sun
“Kalau kamu percaya takdir, aminkan dalam hati, kita bertemu lagi suatu hari nanti” ― Robin Wijaya, Menunggu
“More than anything." Rob persisted. "You'd crawl on your belly over broken glass for her. Easy.” ― L.J. Smith, The Passion
等明年这个时间，他回过头，不，无论是什么时间，明年，后年，五年后，十年后，他回过头时，这一年里的记忆都永远丰满充实。 —— 巫哲 《撒野》
“If you want the rainbow, you have to deal with the rain.” ― John Green, The Fault in Our Stars
心是一棵树，爱与希望的根须扎在土里，智慧与情感的枝叶招展在蓝天下。无论是岁月的风雨扑面而来，还是滚滚红尘遮蔽了翠叶青枝，它总是静默地矗立在那里等待，并接受一切来临，既不倨傲，也不卑微。
爱情最美的不一定是终点，路途一起走过，也已不负一生。 《爱情公寓》
“Cam and I just broke up." Cam laughed, hugging me even tighter into his side. I huffed, trying to wriggle free. "What are you doing?" "Getting back together with you.” ― Samantha Young, Down London Road
喜欢就争取，得到就珍惜，错过就忘记，生活其实就这么简单。
“أنا المجنون في زمنٍ بلا ليْلى فتأيْنَ تكونُ ليْلاتي؟” ― فاروق جويدة, لو أننا لم نفترق
“I invited a few people to help celebrate your birthday," Cameron said sheepishly. She threw up her hands. "Surprise." "We sort of come with the package," Collin explained. "Think of it as a collective gift from all of us to you: five bona fide annoying and overly intrusive new best friends." "It's the gift that keeps on giving," Wilkins said. Jack grinned. "I'm touched. Really. And since it appears I'm going to be moving in, let me be the first to say that all of you are always welcome at my and Cameron's house. Subject to a minimum of forty-eight hours prior notification.” ― Julie James, Something About You
“She’d fallen into a deep silence once, when the sun appeared, and it was then he’d wondered most what she was thinking.” ― Veronica Rossi, Under the Never Sky
灯光昏暗，笔尖疾转。 桌前少年，未来而战。 —— 冯英傲 《中考加油》
“Scars are but evidence of life," Coquette said. "Evidence of choices to be learned from...evidence of wounds...wounds inflicted of mistakes...wounds we choose to allow the healing of. We likewise choose to see them, that we may not make the same mistakes again.” ― Marcia Lynn McClure, The Whispered Kiss
“Nothing good ever comes of love. What comes of love is always something better” ― Roberto Bolaño, Amulet
“Never let a boy know you’re crazy about him. He’ll lose interest, and then you’ll be a loser.” ― Hailey Abbott, Getting Lost with Boys
“So we forgive each other?" The crooked smile climbs up one more time. "Again?" And I look right into his eyes, right into him as far as I can see, because I want him to hear me, I want him to hear me with everything I mean and feel and say. "Always," I say to him. "Every time.” ― Patrick Ness, The Ask and the Answer
“I'll follow you to the next life if I have to," he whispered harshly in her ear. "You'll never be free of me. I'll chase you through heaven and hell and beyond." He continued to whisper without stopping while his hands gripped her body close to his. "You stay with me, Holly," he muttered savagely. "Don't do this to me. You stay, damn you.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Where Dreams Begin
“Felicity," Mrs. Featherington interurupted, "why don't you tell Mr. Brdgerton about your watercolors?" For the life of him, Colin couldn't imagine a less interesting topic (except maybe for Phillipa's watercolors), but he nonetheless turned to the youngest Featherington with a friendly smile and asked, "And how are your watercolors?" But Felicity, bless her heart, gave him a rather friendly smile herself and said nothing but, "I imagine they're fine, thank you.” ― Julia Quinn, Romancing Mister Bridgerton
你在时，你是一切。你不在时，一切是你。
愿得一心人，白首不相离。 —— 卓文君 《白头吟》
“Now, this is where I draw the line! It's bad enough everybody in town's going to be thinkin' I'm sleeping with a depressed, lice-ridden, hemorrhoidal foreigner who likes to be tied up and might be pregnant, although-since she's just about cornered the market on condoms-I don't know how that could have happened. But I will not-you listen to me, Emma!-I absolutely will not have anybody thinkin' a woman of mine needs a vaginal moisturizer, do you hear me?” ― Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Lady Be Good
死生契阔，与子成说。执子象以民满轻来声手，与子偕之上。 —— 诗经 《邶风击鼓》
“A woman could be as beautiful as she felt herself to be.” ― Laura Lee Guhrke, Guilty Pleasures
“I knew you would do me good in some way, at some time--I saw it in your eyes when I first beheld you.” ― Charlotte Brontë
“Hey!” I said, indignation filling me. “I’m immortal! Doesn’t that mean I won’t get saggy boobs and gray hair? Because if it doesn’t mean that, I want a refund—” ― Katie MacAlister, Holy Smokes
幸与不幸，都有尽头.
“Please. Forgive me. One more chance, Blaire. I want this. I want you.” ― Abbi Glines, Fallen Too Far
“Our hearts are bound together,' he said, 'and I am free to decide who I love. And what I want. Nothing - not the pressure of my family, or what anyone else thinks - matters.” ― Lee Monroe, Dark Heart Forever
“Great. I'd been dumped in Hell's waiting room.” ― Karen Chance, Touch the Dark
流年漫过盛夏， 变幻着每一个人的模样。 瞳孔中最后的影像， 是岁月更迭的沧桑。 纵然夏日喧嚣着迎来尽头， 纵然时光荏苒着走向灭亡。 我赏遍流年， 看尽繁花， 却还是爱你， 夏尽时亡。 —— 夏北岛 《夏尽时亡》
“And I know that when you get hurt, your first instinct is to run. But I also realized something else. No one has ever followed you when you did run. But I'm going to follow, and I'm going to keep following until you realize that you can trust me. I'm not going to let you run away from something that could be so great. That is so great. Marty, I love you. - Nate” ― Kathy Love, Wanting Something More
前任一哭，现任必输； 前任秒回，现任轮回； 前任生气，现任遭罪； 前任回来，现任拜拜； 前任永远与现任相似； 前任总是胜过现任； 前任终究变成现任； 现任永远都是前任的替代品； 现任永远生活在前任的影子中； 前任最好，前任最重要，现任永远不被放在眼中，永远是垃圾.
“You look like the vamp who bled the cat.” ― Kim Harrison, Every Which Way But Dead
知道雪为什么是白色吗，因为它忘记了自己曾经的颜色 —— CC 《叛逆的鲁鲁修》
有些人 我们把他留在回忆里 是为了要藉由他们 来怀念当时的自己 —— 蔡康永 《给未知恋人的爱情短信》
“Sydney, don't leave Adrian because of me." "It's more complicated than that," I said automatically. "It's really not," she said. "From everything I've seen and heard, you're just afraid. You've always controlled every detail of your life. When you couldn't-like with the Alchemists-you found a way to seize back that control." "There is nothing wrong with wanting control," I snapped. "Except that we can't always have it, and sometimes that is a good thing. A great thing, even," she added. "And that's how it is with Adrian. No matter how hard you try, you aren't going to be able to control your feelings for him. You can't help loving him, and so you're running away. I'm just an excuse.” ― Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell
十年生死两茫茫，不思量，自难忘。 —— 苏轼 《江城子·乙卯正月二十日夜记梦》
“You cold or something?' he said. She strained against him; she wanted to pass clear through him: 'It's a chill, it's nothing'; and then, pushing a little away: 'Say you love me.' I said it.' No, oh no. You haven't. I was listening. And you never do.' Well, give me time.' Please.' He sat up and glanced at a clock across the room. It was after five. Then decisively he pulled off his windbreaker and began to unlace his shoes. Aren't you going to, Clyde?' He grinned back at her. 'Yeah, I'm going to.' I don't mean that; and what's more, I don't like it: you sound as though you were talking to a whore.' Come off it, honey. You didn't drag me up here to tell you about love.' You disgust me,' she said. Listen to her! She's sore!' A silence followed that circulated like an aggrieved bird. Clyde said, 'You want to hit me, huh? I kind of like you when you're sore: that's the kind of girl you are,' which made Grady light in his arms when he lifted and kissed her. 'You still want me to say it?' Her head slumped on his shoulder. 'Because I will,' he said, fooling his fingers in her hair. 'Take off your clothes--and I'll tell it to you good.” ― Truman Capote, Summer Crossing
苍茫大地一剑尽挽破，何处繁华笙歌落。斜倚云端千壶掩寂寞，纵使他人空笑我。 —— 萧鼎 《诛仙》
“When I'm with you, bells go off in my head like a moving truck that's backing up.” ― Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts
“No te rindas.” ― Estelle Maskame, Did I Mention I Need You?
“He smiled. "How kind of you to confirm what I already know. Perhaps next you will introduce me to myself. I hear I am quite popular.” ― Meredith Duran, Bound by Your Touch
你若爱她，让你的爱像阳光一样包围她，并且给她自由。
花也好。星星也好。世间所有美丽的事物，都是为了比喻你而存在。 —— 钟井鸣海 《人渣的本愿》
“The saddest line you scraped in your diary was not that you cried but those moments when we both shared smile.” ― Santosh Kalwar
“Kyra." Fred caught Kyra's eyes. "I'm not in love with Ariana and I don't want half the kingdom." "You don't?" He shook his head. "But I might stick around for a little while longer. There are some interesting things in the Kingdom of Mohr." "Like what?" "Like a certain funny and extremely talented potioner." Kyra took a breath. "I have to warn you, Hal isn't that great as a boyfriend. He's pretty self absorbed.” ― Bridget Zinn, Poison
相爱并不等于互相喜欢，只有爱没有喜欢那是亲情，每天看到彼此会忍不住露出微笑来才是喜欢。 焦栖才发现，尽管七年过去了，对眼前这个人，他依旧保持鲜活的喜爱 —— 绿野千鹤《迪奥先生》 —— 绿野千鹤 《迪奥先生》
在你孤独，悲伤的日子 请你悄悄地念一念我的名字， 并且说：有人在思念我，在世间我活在一个人的心里。 —— 普希金 《我的名字》
深情是我承担不起的重担，情话只是偶尔兑现的谎言 —— 张小娴 《面包树上的女人》
与君初相识，犹如故人归。天涯明月新，朝暮最相思。 《云南茶花烟》
爱情有如佛家的禅――不可说，不可说，一说就是错。 —— 三毛 《温柔的夜》
“The tragedy of preparedness has scarcely been handled, save by the Greeks. Life is indeed dangerous, but not in the way morality would have us believe. It is indeed unmanageable, but the essence of it is not a battle. It is unmanageable because it is a romance, and its essence is romantic beauty.” ― E.M. Forster, Howards End
“Now," said Brandons low, cold voice. "Lets not be rude eve.” ― Rachel Caine, Glass Houses
“Bliss, I don’t normally do things like that. But I was second-guessing everything about coming here, and you were everything I needed. I don’t know how many times I’ve stopped myself from coming over here and knocking on your door. And yes, seeing you with Cade was definitely motivation, but more than that... I just like you, Bliss. As a teacher. As a person. As a guy.” ― Cora Carmack, Losing It
“I love you, Daisy. I love you so much I hurt.” ― Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Kiss an Angel
“He held up the AK-47, the muscles in his arm bunching against the weight. “This is an assault rifle.” Then held up the handgun. “This is a semi-automatic pistol.” Then he gave a little thrust of his hips and looked down at his penis. “That is my gun. As you’ve discovered, it’s pumpaction like a shotgun , but it doesn’t fire bullets.” ― Pamela Clare, Breaking Point
尽管我对爱一无所知，但是某种像爱一样的东西会像一千个鱼钩把下面的话从我喉咙里钩出来：我需要你。 —— 莱昂纳德・科恩 《美丽失败者》
你的余生能否多给我点戏份 我入戏太深舍不得你的温存
每个人都有秘密，不问就是体贴。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
“What really happened doesn't matter. What matters is how we agree to remember it.” ― Leila Sales, Past Perfect
“We could go back to your house. I can stay with you always. We can know each others bodies in every way, night after night. I could love you. I could work, you would not be poor. I would help you.” ― Charlaine Harris, Dead to the World
“She answered with a passion I didn’t expect & I was lost. In that moment our hearts beat as one. In that moment I knew she loved me." #Ren” ― Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse
不管以后别人追你，还是你追别人，我不会阻拦，我只会伸脚把你绊倒，让你栽进我怀里 《最撩人的情话是什么？》
“I wrapped the unyielding woman I loved in my arms & kissed her slowly, hoping that some part of her would sense my absolute devotion." #Ren” ― Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse
爱情是一句誓言，爱情是一个憧憬， 爱情是一种执着，爱情是一种忠诚， 爱情是一种守望，爱情是一屡思念， 爱情是一丝惆怅，爱情是一声叹息， 爱情是一种哀怨，爱情是一种痴迷， 爱情是一种怀念！
“I don't deserve you. I'm not made for relationships. I know I'm going to fuck this up. I'm going to drive you away or do something to hurt you, and you'll be added to my list of people I screwed over. You should walk away now.” ― M.A. Stacie, Unwritten Rules
那一年，花开得不是最好，可是还好，我遇到你；那一年，花开得好极了，好像专是为了你；那一年，花开得很迟，还好，有你。 《人间草木》
“Thrilled with the knowledge that she loved me, it took me a moment to realize that she was angry. I found her tantrum irresistible." #Ren” ― Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse
“Jessica, you are a pain in the arse, do you know that? If I were not so immensely fond of you, I should throw you out the window." She wrapped her arms about his waist and laid her head against his chest. "Not merely 'fond,' but 'immensely fond.' Oh Dain, I do believe I shall swoon." "Not now," he said crossly. "I haven't time to pick you up.” ― Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels
月似当时，人似当时否？ —— 纳兰容若 《纳兰词》
我也曾把光阴浪费,甚至莽撞到视死如归,却因为爱上了你,才开始渴望长命百岁. —— 张卫健 《身体健康》
时间，让深的东西越来越深，让浅的东西越来越浅。看的淡一点，伤的就会少一点，时间过了，爱情淡了，也就散了。别等不该等的人，别伤不该伤的心。我们真的要过了很久很久，才能够明白，自己真正怀念的，到底是怎样的人，怎样的事。
“I’m sorry, the message said. The theft was a violation of privacy. It was an unbelievable act of impudence and disrespect. Not only that, it was—baffling. He was murderous, incandescent with fury. He was older than sin and could not remember when he had last been in such a rage. He looked at the paper again. I’m sorry I had to take your penny. Here’s another to replace it. Yep, that’s what it said. One corner of his mouth twitched. He gave himself a deep shock when he burst into an explosive guffaw.” ― Thea Harrison, Dragon Bound
“A romantic man often feels more uplifted with two women than with one: his love seems to hit the ideal mark somewhere between two different faces.” ― Elizabeth Bowen, The Death of the Heart
“She was not sorry. And if it was the wine telling her that, then she would tell the wine the same thing tomorrow. She was not sorry.” ― Mary Balogh, Slightly Wicked
“Ya Tuhan, aku sempurna tertikam oleh ilusiku sendiri. Pengkhianatan oleh hatiku yang sibuk meguntai simpul pertanda cinta.” ― Tere Liye, Berjuta Rasanya
Every step I have taken, since I was that child on the bridge,has been to bring myself closer to you. 我所走的每一步，都是为了更接近你。 —— 阿瑟・高顿 《艺伎回忆录》
“I kiss him to get him to stop talking. If he keeps talking I will love him, and I don't want to love him. I really don't. As strategies go, it's not my finest. Kissing is just another way of talking except without the words.” ― Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star
“Who are you?" I asked. "You know who I am," he replied. "I'm yours." ~Clea / Sage, pg. 105” ― Hilary Duff, Elixir
“Marriage is a partnership, not a democracy.” ― Nicholas Sparks, The Best of Me
“No more, no less. I'm an idiot. I really need to let this crush go.” ― Pittacus Lore, The Rise of Nine
“If she had learned anything in the past weeks it was that there was enough to be ashamed of in the course of a messy human life without being ashamed of loving someone. ” ― Shannon McKenna, Behind Closed Doors
待我长发及腰，东风笑别菡涛。参商一面将报，百里关山人笑。 凛冬月光妖娆，似媚故国人廖。连里塞外相邀，重阳茱萸早消。 待我长发及腰，北方佳丽可好。似曾相识含苞，风花雪月明了。 心有茂霜无慌，南柯一梦黄粱。相得益彰君郎，红灯澜烛入帐。 待我长发及腰，窦娥六月雪飘。三尺白练轻摇，冬夏如梦颠倒。 捣乱错命勿娇，昨月流霞难烧。琉璃珐琅谁要，换我半尺碧韬。 待我长发及腰，洞庭湖光尚好，栀子花开独面，轻罗小扇迷眼。 待我长发及腰，普罗月影晴好，如今经年已到，昨夜春梦尚好。 待我长发及腰，美景良辰独妙，白骨寻访清剿，魂魄化形为妙。 待我长发及腰，伊人归来可好，我已万国来朝，不见阮郎一笑。
我藏不住秘密，也藏不住忧伤，正如我藏不住爱你的喜悦，藏不住分离时的彷徨。我就是这样坦然，你舍得伤，就伤
原谅捧花的我盛装出席只为错过你 —— 陈学冬 《小时代3 刺金时代》
昔日青梅今飞燕 怎不念 一生一歉 —— 空言 《三行情书》
楠竹清香闯入旧街没忘何必欺 湘雨淅淅跌入旧忆谁应景生情
乍见之欢不如久处不厌
“You can’t go back. Can’t fix what broke. But you can go forward. And every step matters. Every one makes a difference.” She pushed away from the desk, cupped his face in her hands. “From where I’m standing, you’re the best step I ever took.” ― J.D. Robb, Witness in Death
“There's only one of him, she thought, and he's right here. He knows I'll like a song before I've heard it. He laughs before I even get to the punch line. There's a place on his chest, just below his throat, that makes me want to let him open doors for me. There's only one of him.” ― Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park
“You want me to pin my entire operation, the entire revolution on some teenaged love story? I can't believe this.” ― Victoria Aveyard, Red Queen
最大的幸福莫过于三件事： 有人信你，有人陪你，有人等你。
“It would be easier to forget you," he says to me, "and these past few weeks we've had together. It would be easier if I could hate you. But the sad truth is, I will more than likely love you for the rest of my life.” ― Amy Ewing, The Jewel
如果我爱你，而你也正巧的爱我。你头发乱了的时候，我会笑笑的替你拨一拨，然后，手还留恋的在你头上多待几秒。但是，如果我爱你，而你不巧的不爱我。你头发乱了，我只会轻轻的告诉你，你头发了乱了哦。这大概是最纯粹的爱情观，如若相爱，便携手到老；如若错过，便护他安好。
“So you actually need spectacles,” Leo finally said. “Of course I do,” Marks said crossly. “Why would I wear spectacles if I didn’t need them?” “I thought they might be part of your disguise.” “My disguise?” “Yes, Marks, disguise. A noun describing a means of concealing someone’s identity. Often used by clowns and spies. And now apparently governesses. Good God, can anything be ordinary for my family?” ― Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning
记住我，不能忘了我，假如今后喜欢上别的女子，一定不要让我知道。 —— 唐七公子 《华胥引》
“可是，喜欢一个人，为什么这么难，真的很难。”可是，再难也难不过，要一颗星停止这份喜欢。 —— 墨香铜臭 《人渣反派自救系统》
他像是个孤独了百年的旅人，又像是的落了水的人猛然抓住一块浮木，连眼神里都透着一股压抑的汹涌，仿佛下一秒就会将他活生生撕碎。 —— 荒川黛 《教授，抑制剂要吗》
“If death is your lover, you don't got to be afraid ever that he will ever leave you” ― Francesca Lia Block, Echo
爱情，首先是一种本能，“要么生下来就会，要么永远都不会”。 —— 加西亚・马尔克斯 《霍乱时期的爱情》
“Blake took her face in his hands. “You let me touch you. Kiss you. Your skin? It feels like piano keys. My hands know just where to go.” ― Debra Anastasia, Poughkeepsie
有的人浅薄，有的人金玉其表败絮其中。有一天 你会遇到一个彩虹般绚烂的人，当你遇到这个人后，会觉得其他人都只是浮云而已。 —— 文德琳・范・德拉安南 《怦然心动》
“It's easy to look at people and make quick judgements about them, their present and their pasts, but you'd be amazed at the pain and tears a single smile hides. what a person shows to the world is only one tiny facet of the iceburg hidden from sight. And more often then not, it's lined with cracks and scars that go all the way to the foundation of their soul.” ― Sherrilyn Kenyon, Acheron
“Little sister don't you worry about a thing today Take the heat from the sun Little sister I know that everything is not ok But you're like honey on my tongue True love never can be rent But only true love can keep beauty innocent I could never take a chance Of losing love to find romance In the mysterious distance Between a man and a woman No I could never take a chance 'Cause I could never understand The mysterious distance Between a man and a woman You can run from love And if it's really love it will find you Catch you by the heel But you can't be numb for love The only pain is to feel nothing at all How can I hurt when I'm holding you? I could never take a chance Of losing love to find romance In the mysterious distance Between a man and a woman And you're the one, there's no-one else who makes me want to lose myself In the mysterious distance Between a man and a woman Brown eyed girl across the street On rue Saint Divine I thought this is the one for me But she was already mine You were already mine... Little sister I've been sleeping in the street again Like a stray dog Little sister I've been trying to feel complete again But you're gone and so is God The soul needs beauty for a soul mate When the soul wants...the soul waits ... No I could never take a chance Of losing love to find romance In the mysterious distance Between a man and a woman For love and FAITH AND SEX and fear And all the things that keep us here In the mysterious distance Between a man and a woman How can I hurt when I'm holding you?” ― U2
羽墨：不用解释了，我来告诉你什么是解释，解释就是通过观察和思考说明事物变化的原因或事物之间的联系或事物发展的规律，你解释就是为了掩饰，掩饰的就是事实，事实就是罪恶的开始，人类喜欢掩饰正是人类最大的悲哀。 —— 秦羽墨 《爱情公寓2》
“You matter.” ― Suzanne Young, The Treatment
很抱歉啊 我白天都没什么机会和你说话 只能憋到晚上给你说 但你可别小看了这两个字 它可包含着我 今天清晨见到的阳光 中午看到的白云 傍晚遇见的微风 包含着我这一天每句想对你说的话 晚安
“My task is set before me, girl My mission clear and true There’ll be black knights and dragons, girl But I will always come for you…” ― Emme Rollins
“I had kissed my share of men, particularly during the war years, when flirtation and instant romance were the light-minded companions of death and uncertainty. Jamie, thought, was something different. His extreme gentleness was in no way tentative; rather it was a promise of power known and held in leash; a challenge and a provocation the more remarkable for its lack of demand. I am yours, it said. And if you will have me, then...” ― Diana Gabaldon, Outlander
既然琴瑟起，何以笙箫默。 《何以笙箫默(连续剧)》
“爱一个人到底什么感觉？” “好像突然有了软肋，也突然有了铠甲。”
“In fiction, I searched for my favorite authors, women I have trusted to reassure me than not all teenage guys are total ditwads, that the archetype of the noble cute hero who devotes himself to the girl he loves has not gone the way of the rotary phone. That all I had to do was be myself (smart, hardworking, funny) and be patient and kind and he and I would find each other. As Bea would say, this why they call it fiction.” ― Sarah Strohmeyer, Smart Girls Get What They Want
“She looked at him, his soft brown eyes and tall form, and contemplated raising herself on her toes and kissing his ear, or his cheek... Instead, impulsively before leaving, she reached up and smoothed his mussed hair. Mr. Bradford beamed.” ― Heather Dixon, Entwined
“I haven't had a lot of good, soft things in my life," he said against my forehead. "Not since my family sent me away. Apart from being your sire and feeling that pull to you, it's that goodness, that softness and warmth, along with the resolve and strength in you, that I love. Being turned hasn't taken that from you. If someone were going to design the perfect mate for me, it would be you. Even when you infuriate me with your pigheaded stubbornness and your temper and incredible lack of anything resembling self-preservation—" "Stop describing me please." "You're the most fascinating, maddening, adorable creature I've ever met," he said, sighing and pushing my hair out of my eyes. "So, when I seem possessive or I'm raving like a lunatic, it's just that part of me is still very afraid that I'll lose that—that I'll lose you. I love you.” ― Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Date Dead Men
“I stare at her for a long moment. I want to kiss her. I want to kiss her more than I've ever wanted anything in my life.” ― Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants
心理学上说：女人大多数只对有安全度的人发脾气。因为在那个安全度之内。潜意识知道对方不会离开你。胡闹是一种依赖。
一个笑就击败了一辈子，一滴泪就还清了一个人。一人花开，一人花落，这些年从头到尾，无人问询 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
“You know, I never believed in fate until I met you... then I started thinking coincidence didn't have near so cruel a sense of humor” ― Alwyn Hamilton, Rebel of the Sands
“Every broken heart has screamed at one time or another: Why can't you see who I truly am?” ― Shannon L. Alder
喜欢偶尔用你，扰乱自己的情绪。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
“She can be a nightmare, but this still feels better than any dream.” ― Penelope Douglas, Punk 57
“Together, in that room, our childhood notions of love melted away. We discovered love was not a fairytale. Sometimes there were no happy endings, and when there were, you needed to work like hell to keep the happiness alive.” ― Cristina Marrero, The Unsung Love Story
“何谓欣喜？”“金榜，题名，天下许。” “可否具体？”“良辰，美景，佳人娶。” “可否再具体？”“唯有你。”
自从喜欢你 我的PH 总是小于7 —— 北川理惠 《三行情书》
“The moment I saw her, a part of me walked out of my body and wrapped itself around her. And there it still remains.” ― Arundhati Roy, The Ministry of Utmost Happiness
“I want to kiss you again, Tess.” “Why?” He chuckled, low under his breath. “Why? Because you’re beautiful, and because I want you. And I think you want me too.” ― Lara Adrian, Kiss of Crimson
“I never want to be apart from you,” he said. “I’m going to buy an island and take you there. A ship will come once a month with supplies. The rest of the time it will be just the two of us, wearing leaves and eating exotic fruit and making love on the beach . . .” You’d start a produce export business and organize a local economy within a month,” she said flatly. Harry groaned as he recognized the truth of it. “God. Why do you tolerate me?” Poppy grinned and slid her arms around his neck. “I like the side benefits,” she told him. “And really, it’s only fair since you tolerate me.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Tempt Me at Twilight
如果有一天你穿上西装成为别人的新郎，我会闭口不提曾经的疯狂；如果有一天我穿上婚纱成为别人的新娘，你依旧是我最初的梦想。 《百度贴吧》
“I don’t want to be a widow, I don’t want Michael Bayning, and I don’t want you to joke about such things, you tactless clodpole!” As all three of them stared at her openmouthed, Poppy leapt up and stalked away, her hands drawn into fists. Bewildered by the immediate force of her fury—it was like being stung by a butterfly—Harry stared after her dumbly. After a moment, he asked the first coherent thought that came to him. “Did she just say she doesn’t want Bayning?” “Yes,” Win said, a smile hovering on her lips. “That’s what she said. Go after her, Harry.” Every cell in Harry’s body longed to comply. Except that he had the feeling of standing on the edge of a cliff, with one ill-chosen word likely to send him over. He gave Poppy’s sister a desperate glance. “What should I say?” “Be honest with her about your feelings,” Win suggested. A frown settled on Harry’s face as he considered that. “What’s my second option?” ― Lisa Kleypas, Tempt Me at Twilight
“I don’t understand how I could have believed you were a warm, affectionate, and tenderhearted person! You’re obviously as prickly as a porcupine and any man who comes close to you will end up with a face full of quills!” ― Colleen Houck
“...and Jo laid the rustling sheets together with a careful hand, as one might shut the covers of a lovely romance, which holds the reader fast till the end comes, and he finds himself alone in the work-a-day world again.” ― Louisa May Alcott, Little Women
见了他,她变得很低很低,低到尘埃里,但她心里是欢喜的,从尘埃里开出花来。 "喜欢一个人，会卑微到尘埃里，然后开出花来。" —— 张爱玲 《今生今世》
Whatever comes, I’ll love you, just as I do now. Until I die. 无论发生什么事，我都会像现在一样爱你，直到永远。 《飘》
“For you, my love, I would endeavor to pluck the stars from the sky, only to shower them at your feet.” “How do you do that?’ “Do what?” “Say things like that. That’s beautiful.” “I’ve spent years studying poetry, Mrs. Emerson. It’s in my DNA.” ― Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Redemption
总会有一个人，看你写过的所有日志，听完你的所有cd，珍藏你从小到大的照片，试着看你喜欢的影片，走你走过的路，看你喜欢的书，品尝你大呼好吃的东西……只是想弥补上，你的青春――他迟到的时光 —— 西门龙霆 《拒嫁豪门：少奶奶99次出逃》
人不是从娘胎里出来就一成不变的，相反，生活会逼迫他一次又一次地脱胎换骨。 —— 加西亚・马尔克斯 《霍乱时期的爱情》
女以色授,男以魂与，迷人至极，心愉于侧。 —— 墨宝非宝 《一生一世，美人骨》
“Damn, you're good,' he said and rolled onto his back. The man wasn't much for flowery speech, Alesandra thought with a smile. It didn't matter. She was arrogantly proud of herself because she'd pleased him. Perhaps she should give him a little praise too. She rolled onto her side to face him, put her hand on his chest directly over his pounded heart, and whispered. 'You're good, too. 'Tis the truth, you're the best I've ever had.' He opened his eyes to look at her. 'I'm the only one you've ever had, remember?' His voice was gruff with affection. 'I remember,' she said. 'No other man is ever going to touch you, Alesandra. You're mine.” ― Julie Garwood, Castles
“明明是你先靠近我的 可是最后舍不得的却是我”
“If you were mine, I'd never leave you, Prudence. I couldn't.” ― Anne Gracie, The Perfect Rake
“He [Ranger] peeled my [Stephanie] clothes off and wrangled me into bed. And then suddenly he was inside me. He once told me that time spent with him would ruin me for all other men. When he said it, I thought it was an outrageous threat. I no longer though it outrageous.” ― Janet Evanovich, Hard Eight
一人花开，一人花落，这些年有以头到尾，以上想人对还询。 —— 顾漫 《要个以笙箫默》
“i write because it is the only way i can reach you.” ― Sanober Khan
“It called to him, a sweet heady beacon of femininity, fertility, and fuckability. His three favorite f-words.” ― Christine Warren, Wolf at the Door
我需要你的时候，你不是不在，而是不在意。所以你需要我的时候，我不是不想，而是不想理
“His dear face, dear to her, dearer still. how could she love his face more for its damage? What kind of person saw someone's suffering and felt her heart crack open even wider, even more sweetly than before? There was something wrong with her. It was wrong to want to touch a scar and call it beautiful.” ― Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Crime
所有人都在翘首盼望自己的理想， 可向日葵终究长不成太阳的模样。
（一） 村上春树说： 如若相爱，便携手到老； 如若错过，便护他安好。
“I looked at Micah, who shrugged. I looked at Rafael, who shook his head. Nice that none of us knew why he was undressing.” ― Laurell K. Hamilton, Narcissus in Chains
“Let's still be friends" (things that are never true in a break up, but you have to say).” ― Lauren Leto
我有一万种想见你的理由,却少了一种能见你的身份。
“With callused hands i tasted the softness of the moon in the coldest winds i discovered my soul's warmest fireplace in the roughness of his stubble the tenderest love.” ― Sanober Khan, A Thousand Flamingos
“At some point, our lips met and it was perhaps the most wonderful thing I'd ever experienced. And truly, I guess there wasn't just one kiss, but several. A polite frenzy. A mass migration of delicate wildebeest kisses. I remember them as one transcendent event, though.” ― Dean Hale
“I always have many roads to travel, but I take the one which leads to you.” ― Amit Kalantri, I Love You Too
原谅他是上帝的事，我的任务就是送他去见上帝
“I've never even been to Long Island” ― Meg Cabot, Jinx
去年今日此门中，人面桃花相映红。 人面不知何处去，桃花依旧笑春风。 —— 崔护 《题都城南庄》
“I told you we were meant to be," he says, still smiling, still so Finn, who was always here but who I just didn't see and now-- Well, now I kiss him.” ― Elizabeth Scott , Something, Maybe
别和我谈恋爱，虚伪。有本事咱俩结婚。
原来姹紫嫣红开遍，似这般然后如付与断井颓垣，良辰美景奈我向种月后，赏心乐里得西不能谁家院，朝飞暮卷，云霞翠轩，雨丝风片，烟波画船，锦屏人忒看的这韶光贱！ —— 汤显祖 《牡丹亭》
“My heart is burning a hole in my chest and every time you speak to me, it keeps sinking, and I'm left with nothing but ashes. I wish she were talking to me, because the more she speaks to me, the more my heart flutters like a rising phoenix. -Karen Quan and Jarod Kintz” ― Karen Quan, liQUID PROse QUOtes
“The way our fingers intertwine feels so natural and right; as if our hands hold memories of meeting in a thousand other lifetimes.” ― John Mark Green
“It wouldn't have mattered if they were scratches or not," he says, his voice like liquid. "I was bitten during the escape from the house." My limbs go weak, everything inside me folding in collapsing on itself. "I was already dead," he says, opening his eyes.” ― Carrie Ryan, The Forest of Hands and Teeth
伤害别人的人，就有要被伤害的觉悟。 《罪恶王冠》
有一天晚上 梦一场 你白发苍苍 说带我流浪 我还是没犹豫 就随你去天堂 不管能怎样 我能陪你到天亮 —— 薛之谦 《你还要我怎样》
“He’d used the amulet to read my thoughts again. I pictured smacking him in the face.” ― Priya Ardis, Ever My Merlin
“Selingkuh: meninggalkan yang tak sempurna untuk yang lebih tak sempurna.” ― Christian Simamora, All You Can Eat
“Even when everything that should have been, has not been, we can still seek to give some elbow room willingly for romance to heal the cracks of life. ("Feeling like a fallen star")” ― Erik Pevernagie
除非黄土白骨，我守你岁月无忧。 —— 书海沧生 《十年一品温如言》
“This is what I want. This is the only thing I've ever wanted. Everything else—every single second of every single day that has come before this very moment, this kiss—has meant nothing.” ― Lauren Oliver, Delirium
“Oh, uh-uh," Shaundelle said. "I'm not gonna be no place where no ghost is gonna be knockin' nobody upside the head. I'm outta here. I'm not going to take any chances that some ghost is gonna mess up this pretty face.” ― Deborah Leblanc, Toe to Toe
“I'll never forget the way he tastes. It's not anything I can describe, a little sweet and a whole lot of spice, and it feels, in that moment, absolutely right.” ― Cynthia Hand, Hallowed
草木皆非故人笑靥似当初眉眼 再见陌路擦肩我轻装放下执念
“You don’t annoy me.” Carefully he rebuttoned the placket of her shirt. “I thought you did, at first. But now I realize it was more like the feeling you get when your foot’s been asleep. And when you start moving, the blood coming back into it is uncomfortable . . . but also good. Do you understand what I mean?” “Yes. I make your feet tingle.” A smile came to his lips. “Among other things.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon
“The fuse is lit. You can run all you want to but you leave a trail of gunpowder in your wake. There’s going to be a reckoning eventually.” ― Colleen Houck
“Love expands your soul with something inexplicably fulfilling. If you die without ever having experienced it, you will miss life's only true joy” ― Adele Ashworth, Winter Garden
“A handsome prince, such as yourself, deserves someone who is no less than one hundred percent dedicated to him.” ― Colleen Houck
“You had this all planned, didn’t you?' I accused. 'Thought you could come in here and seduce me like you do everyone else?' It wasn’t as if I could be angry, lying atop him as I was, but I tried.” ― Kim Harrison, Every Which Way But Dead
如果下雪了，我们不撑伞，是不是就可以一路走到白头。
“It hurt, remembering. Hurt because there was so much I'd done, so much I'd yet to do. In so many different ways, I now realized, not remembering had been a blessing. A brief respite in the twisted bloody mess that my life had become. But at least I knew who I was.” ― Keri Arthur, Destiny Kills
“Long dormant feelings poured through my dried-up limbs and wound through me, slowly filling the emptiness. Like an irrigated field, I felt myself blossom and grow with new vigor. He was the sun, and the tenderness he showed me was life-giving water. ” ― Colleen Houck
“I keep warning and warning, and nobody seems willing to listen. One of these days someone is going to wake up to the fact that I'm serious when I say never to attack my sister without looking over your shoulder for me. (Rhoan)” ― Keri Arthur
“Aubrey, crouching on a nearby counter, watched me with squinty eyes, apparently pondering why anyone would willingly immerse themselves in water ever, let alone for extended periods of time. ” ― Richelle Mead, Succubus Blues
“I dodged behind Mac for cover and refused to take the bait. I glanced at my nonexistent watch. 'Oops, look at the time. Guess I have to be going now. Let's not do this again sometime, okay?' Before I could move, Pritkin was there, jamming the medallion into the skin of my upper arm.'Ow!'He looked at me expectantly. I glared at him. 'That hurt!' What do you see?' A big red mark,” ― Karen Chance, Claimed by Shadow
我如果爱你―― 绝不像攀援的凌霄花， 借你的高枝炫耀自己； 我如果爱你―― 绝不学痴情的鸟儿， 为绿荫重复单调的歌曲 也不只像泉源， 常年送来清凉的慰藉； 也不止像险峰， 增加你的高度，衬托你的威仪。 甚至日光。 甚至春雨。 不，这些都还不够！ 我必须是你近旁的一株木棉， 作为树的形象和你站在一起。 根，紧握在地下， 叶，相触在云里。 —— 舒婷 《致橡树》
不以下扰，是我最每往只每的温柔。 —— 五好当对是要子 《温柔》
长相思兮长相忆，短相思兮无穷极.早知如此绊人心，何如当初莫相识. —— 李白 《三五七言》
纵然相思入骨 纵然万劫不复 我只愿你眉眼如初 风华如故
当一个人做出决定，心也就慢慢平静了，只需去做，然后等待结果。 —— 果果 《花千骨》
你是我不能拥抱的太阳，毕竟你是那么多人的光。
“Maybe we should go by tube', he said. A taxi'll come', she said. 'I'm in no hurry'. She remembered something a woman in Paris had told her once. A woman in her forties, much married, elegant, a little world-weary. There is nothing easier in this world, this woman had claimed, than getting a man to kiss you. Oh really? Eva had said, so how do you do that? Just stand close to a man, the woman has said, very close, as close as you can without touching - he will kiss you in one minute or two. It's inevitable. For them it's like an instinct - they can't resist. Infaillible. So Eva stood close to Romer in the doorway of the shop on Frith Street as he shooted and waved at the passing cars moving down the dark street, hoping one of them might be a taxi. We're out of luck', he said, turning, to find Eva standing very close to him, her face lifted. I'm in no hurry', she said. He reached for her and kissed her.” ― William Boyd, Restless
世上最美的，莫过于从泪水中挣脱出来的那个微笑。
琴瑟在御，莫不静好。 《诗经》
“He looked at the beautiful woman frowning up at him and his cock did nothing. His eyes shot back to Zoe and damn if his cock didn't twitch happily. Trevor swallowed hard as realization hit. There was something wrong with his dick.” ― R.L. Mathewson, Perfection
同窗末年一梦中，烂漫随风皆成空。 他日再见谁为伴，为梦执笔笑苍穹！ —— 付超楠 《毕业季，随笔》
有时候，选择与某人保持距离，不是因为不在乎，而是因为清楚的知道，他不属于你。
“How did I get here How did I end up in the arms of a boy I barely knew but knew I didn't want to lose I wondered what I would have thought of Andrius in Lithuania. Would I have liked him Would he have liked me” ― Ruta Sepetys, Between Shades of Gray
“Sweetheart, darling, dearest, it was funny to think that these endearments, which used to sound exceedingly sentimental in movies and books, now held great importance, simple but true verbal affirmations of how they felt for each other. They were words only the heart could hear and understand, words that could impart entire pentameter sonnets in their few, short syllables.” ― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,
我不怕等待，因为等待的时间越长，等到之后就会越幸福呢。 —— 青山刚昌 《名侦探柯南》
山无陵，江水为竭。冬雷震震，夏雨雪。天地合，乃敢与君绝。 《上邪》
“I loved you when you opened like a lily to the heat; you see I’m just another snowman standing in the rain and sleet who loved you with his frozen love, his second hand physique, with all he is and all he was a thousand kisses deep.” ― Leonard Cohen
年少的你不懂我的深情，后来的我不懂你的眼睛。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
“I want you cool and regal, earthy and impertinent, spoiling for a fight and abashed at your own temper. I want you flushed with exertion and rosy with sleep. I want you teasing and provocative, somber and thoughtful. I want every emotion, every mood, every year in a lifetime to come. I want you beside me, to encourage and argue with me, to help me and let me help you. I want to be your champion and lover, your mentor and student.” ― Connie Brockway, The Bridal Season
“...what is romance, but a mutual pact of delusion? When the pact ends, there's nothing left.” ― Zoe Heller, What Was She Thinking? [Notes on a Scandal]
“But I hate to hear you talking so like a fine gentleman, and as if women were all fine ladies, instead of rational creatures. We none of us expect to be in smooth water all our days.” ― Jane Austen, Persuasion
“Just that I have loved you, even when I was nothing and no one to you, when you didn’t know my name and barely knew my face. - Leo” ― Sherry Thomas
“And if you ever - and I do mean ever - try to leave me, I’m goin’ with you.” ― Catherine Anderson, Cherish
我想你了，可是我不能对你说，就像开满梨花的树上，永远不可能结出苹果。 我想你了，可是我不能对你说，就像高挂天边的彩虹，永远无人能够触摸。 我想你了，可是我不能对你说，就像火车的轨道，永远不会有轮船驶过。 我想你了，可我，真的不能对你说，怕只怕，说了，对你，也是一种折磨。
人可以放下痛苦，又怎么能放下和抛弃自己曾经拥有过的幸福？尽管那幸福背后，是悬崖峭壁，下面白骨森森。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
青梅枯萎，竹马老去，从此我爱上的人都像你。 —— 木子喵喵 《竹马翻译官》
“Someone once told me love isn’t perfect—or predictable.” ― Lauren Morrill, Meant to Be
则为你如花美眷，似多我向流年。是答之为他天闲寻遍，在幽闺自怜。 —— 汤显祖 《牡丹亭》
“I'm not the same person I was before, and I am deathly afraid I will never be her again...” ― Jodi LaPalm, Still Life
“In her ear, he whispered, "Do better than this Shazi. My queen is without limitations. Boundless in all that she does. Show them.” ― Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn
“When they see us dance. When they see how you look at me. When they see how I smile at you.” ― Philippa Gregory, The Other Boleyn Girl
我看过春风十里 见过夏至未至 试过秋光潋滟 爱过冬日暖阳 全都抵不过你一句 我想见你。
我丢掉了我的爱情，我的心，我的快乐，我自己，却丢不掉回忆。
一个对一个人的喜欢是藏不住的 -------范丞丞
别说世界抛弃了你，世界根本没空搭理你。 —— 汪远 《爱情公寓3》
“Love never comes with a brochure of rules and regulations, a prospectus with guides of what is acceptable and what is abominable. It’s a standard to follow your heart, and that’s what I did and if doing that hurt you, then I’m sorry… sorry for coming in your life and wasting your time, for causing you an anguish so great that you could not bear the sight of me. Today, I am proud to stand up and honour myself and proclaim to the world… yes, I loved someone more than myself. I loved someone truly, madly, deeply!” ― Faraaz Kazi, Truly, Madly, Deeply
良辰美景奈我向种月后，赏心乐里得西不能谁家院。 —— 汤显祖 《牡丹亭》
不思进取，思你。
“I feel like I’m a disappointment to mankind,” he remarked woefully as he placed the shirt through my arms and began to pull it down over my breasts. “Someone this gorgeous should be on display in a museum.” ― Karina Halle, Into the Hollow
“Life sure is easier when you're rich." "And a natural born charmer. Don't forget that part." "How could I?" she retorted. "It's the only thing we have in common.” ― Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Natural Born Charmer
“He seized me as boldly as a tiger captures his prey. There was no escape. And I didn't want to. I would have happily died in his clutches. I was his, and he made sure I knew it. My heart burst with a thousand beautiful blooms, all tiger lilies. And I knew with a certainty more powerful than anything I'd ever felt before that we belonged together. He finally lifted his head and murmured against my lips, "It's about bloody time, woman.” ― Colleen Houck, Tiger's Quest
“I must be besotted,” he said evenly. “I have the imbecilic idea that you’re the prettiest girl I’ve ever seen. Except for your coiffure,” he added, with a disgusted glance at the coils and plumes and pearls. “That is ghastly.” She scowled. “Your romantic effusions leave me breathless.” ― Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels
Someday,You will find the one,who will listen to the rhythm of falling rain with you throughout your life. {总有一天，你会遇上那个人，陪着你倾听你人生中的每一次落雨}
“I could recognise his soul in mine as much as he could find me in his. Our sole existences seemed to have been for this very moment when nothing else mattered.” ― X. Williamson, Distract My Hunger
“there are three kinds of people in the world: those who don't know and don't know they don't know; those who don't know and do know they don't know; and those who know and know how much they still don't know.” ― Karen Marie Moning, Bloodfever
“If you die, angel, it means I'm already dead.” ― Pamela Clare, Breaking Point
“圆规为什么能画圆，”“因为 …它的心一直没变。” —— 阿狸 《阿狸岛》
“With every breath I take, I will always love you.” ― Jennifer L. Armentrout, Every Last Breath
自从我遇见你那天开始，我的心，就像跌入了深深的湖水，推不开，躲不掉，心一直想往你身上靠，曾经有人告诉过我，感情是不能勉强的，而且也不能靠近，可我一见到你，我就变得不像我自己。 —— 东方不败 《新笑傲江湖》
我要放过你了 我的小心翼翼 我的娇气蛮横 以后都不会给你了
花不会因为你的疏离，来年不再盛开；人却会因为你的错过，转身为陌路。
天上有多少星光世间有多少女孩但天上只有一个月亮世间只有一个你。 《Minemine》
相聚和离别，仿佛一个转身，一圈接着一圈，连成生命的舞蹈，有的人还会回来，有的人知道再见太难。 —— 曾小贤 《爱情公寓》
你送我于看上星，我赠你掌中雪。 —— 桐华 《云中歌》
愿我们在硝烟散尽的世界里重逢 —— 木苏里 《全球高考》
“Beatrix, do you know what happens to girls who ask such naughty questions?” “They’re ravished in haylofts?” she inquired hopefully.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon
待我长发及腰，桃花依旧妖娆。 去年燕子早还巢，远乡少年可好？ 梦里朝阳浅笑，何愁折柳村桥。 良弓轻马意逍遥，千里云山独啸。 待我长发及腰，青梅已转黄梢，暮烟还卷暑气燎，更是相思难熬。 凉阶看星过桥，又怕银河浪高。 阻断牛女两边焦，一夜泪洒葡萄。 待我长发及腰，红叶几多寂寥。 冷菊无魂香难凋，尘满画堂懒扫 向晚绣帘远眺，小楼对月独箫。 烛残曲黯渐魂消，清泪由它多少。 待我长发及腰，少年娶我可好? 红妆铺陈十里桥，羡煞邻里村媪。 倾酒但敬相邀，挑灯醉看阿娇。 鸳鸯被暖度春宵，此生陪君同老。
“At the end of the day your ability to connect with your readers comes down to how you make them feel.” ― Benjamin J. Carey, Barefoot in November
“it taught me, that when a woman lets herself love, she loses. it taught me that to survive, you rely on yourself first and last." -adrianne "It should have also taught you that sometimes love has no threshold." -philip” ― Nora Roberts, Sweet Revenge
白子画，今生所做的一切，我从未后悔过。可是若能重来一次，我再也不要爱上你。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
“I think this’ll definitely tide me over while we’re apart,”Bones laughed, dragging me into his arms with far more strength and quickness than was fair, considering I still had trouble making my limbs operate. “Oh, Kitten,” he murmured as his lips dragged down my throat. “You didn’t really think we were done, did you?” ― Jeaniene Frost, This Side of the Grave
“I wished the kiss could have gone on forever. Breaking the embrace, he ran a few fingers through my hair and down my cheek. He stepped back toward the door. "I'll see you later, Roza" "At our next practice?" I asked. "We are starting those up again, right? I mean, you still have things to teach me." "Yes. Lots of things.” ― Richelle Mead, Frostbite
喝醉，从来就不是酒精的罪过，而是感情的度数太高。 《网言网语》
“I guess I like things that take time and attention. More worthwhile that way.” ― Huntley Fitzpatrick, My Life Next Door
你是我深夜里我遥不可及的梦，我是你耳边吹过不慌不忙的风。
当面对两个选择时，抛硬币总能奏效，因为在你把它抛在空中的那一秒里，你突然知道你希望它是什么。 《爱情公寓3》
“I love you more than the sun and the stars that i taught﻿ how to shine... You are mine, and you shine for me too I love you yesterday and today And tomorrow, I'll say it again..... I love you more......” ― Matthew West
有些人，一旦遇见，便一眼万年；有些心动，一旦开始，便覆水难收；有些情，一旦眷恋，便海枯石烂；有些缘分，一旦交织，便在劫难逃。 —— 微博 《搞笑宠物大本营》
“Winter is much like unrequited love; cold and merciless.” ― Kellie Elmore
如果我手上没有剑，我就无法保护你；如果我一直握着剑，我就无法抱紧你。 —— 茶渡泰虎 《死神》
一样是明月， 一样是隔山灯火， 满天的星， 只有人不见， 梦似的挂起 —— 林徽因 《别丢掉》
愿岁月轻率 偏爱了你 愿时光怜悯 释怀了我 嘿好久不见 我的少年
如果你不能接受我最差的一面，那么你也不值得拥有最好的我。
“I still love you. I will always love you, and that is all that matters. I will forgive you anything, and I will forgive you this.” ― Melissa de la Cruz, Lost in Time
当我没头脑没逻辑地跟你讲一大串废话的时候 其实就是我想你了。
我恨生前未积缘，古佛青灯度流年。 —— 天姥遗珠 《琵琶语·掉线的珠之好》
“The most temptation I'd experienced had been with Tomas, the Senate's spy who had been feeding off me without permission, and Mircea, who was probably plotting some nefarious scheme. I have no taste in men.” ― Karen Chance, Touch the Dark
“I love these pet names," she said, gazing soulfully up into his eyes, "Nitwit. Sap skull. Termagant. How they make my heart flutter!” ― Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels
“No bikinis on a first date.” He nods. “I’m sure that’s a rule. Or should be. For my sisters anyway.” ― Huntley Fitzpatrick, My Life Next Door
这么多年来，每次都是她说放手，他说不放，可当那天他真正放手的时候，她却比什么都疼。 —— 辛夷坞 《原来你还在这里》
趁阳光正好，趁微风不噪，趁繁花还未开至荼蘼，趁现在还年轻，还可以走很长很长的路，还能诉说很深很深的思念。
欲笺心事，独语斜阑。 —— 唐婉 《钗头凤·世情薄》
是不是月老和孟婆曾是情人，一个牵了情丝，一个断了红尘。
我希望起身时，你会轻轻帮我弹掉衣服上不容易发现的灰尘。我希望写字时，手边的茶杯里一直是我喜欢的温度。我希望沉默时，你一言不发在身边我们却不会觉得尴尬。我希望买的鞋子是你渴望的颜色。我希望拨通你电话时你恰好想到我。我希望说早安时你刚好起床。我希望写的书是你欣赏的故事。我希望关灯是你正泛起困意。我希望买的水果你永远觉得是甜的。我希望点的每首歌都是你想唱的。 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
“Those words, that voice, had more power over me than any phantom ever could.” ― Richelle Mead, The Ruby Circle
要么功课做在事前，要么小抄带在身边。 —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
专一不是一辈子只喜欢一个人，是喜欢一个人的时候一心一意
庭有枇杷树，吾妻死之年所手植也，今已亭亭如盖矣。 —— 归有光 《项脊轩志》
用着最普通的收纳，笔袋里都是普通人的东西，穿着最普通的鞋，游戏里拥有着正常数量的皮肤、人物，喝着最普通的水……对，我就是要这样惊艳全场。
当他们之间已成往事，最难堪的便是一切清晰如昨。 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
“Oh diary, I love her, I love her, I love her so much. Jordana is the most amazing person I have ever met. I could eat her. I could drink her blood. She's the only person I would allow to be shrunk to microscopic size and explore me in a tiny submersible machine. She is wonderful and beautiful and sensitive and funny and sexy. She's too good for me, she's too good for anyone! All I could do was let her know. I said: "I love you more than words. And I am a big fan of words.” ― Joe Dunthorne, Submarine
"少年们啊，无论你们今后度过多少岁月，都请不要介意自己的容貌，不要吸食香烟，若非节日，也别喝酒。长大后，请多加爱惜那性格内向、不爱浓妆的姑娘。" —— 太宰治 《人间失格(其它)》
“在吗” “在啊咋了” “我发现了一个外国人和中国人的区别” “什么区别?” “外国人喜欢一人很直接说 love you” “那中国人呢?” “中国人很委婉会小心翼翼的问他在吗” 《网易云热评》
活在这珍贵的人间 泥土高溅 扑打面颊 活在这珍贵的人间 人类和植物一样幸福 爱情和雨水一样幸福 —— 海子 《活在这珍贵的人间》
我以为时间是最好的偏方，原来治好的全都只是皮外伤。 《呓亦》
“You see yourself as very average, ordinary. And there is nothing ordinary about you, Rachel." (Something Borrowed)” ― Emily Giffin
与其在悬崖上展览千年，不如在爱人肩头痛哭一晚。 —— 舒婷 《第的女峰》
我要是温柔起来， 像一朵穿裤子的云。
我懂你像懂自己一样深刻。
你是我猜不到的不知所措，我是你想不到的无关痛痒
你不知道生活在什么时候就改变了方向，你被失望拖进了深渊，被疾病拉进坟墓，你被挫折践踏的体无完肤，在这之前，在这世界末日天翻地覆之前，让我陪在你的身边。 —— 郭敬明 《小时代》
我愿意：一路坎坷不平却总能听见你喊我。 —— 海桑 《我愿意》
星星的光跨越千万光里，才来到我的眼睛，也许我看到它的时候，它早就已经陨落了，而其他的没陨落的星星则代替了它的位置。
“Why?" I shrieked, hitting him again and again, and again, the sound of the blows thudding against his chest. "Why, why why!". Because I was afraid!" He got hold of my wrists and threw me backward so I fell across the bed. He stood over me, fists clenched, breathing hard. I am a coward, damn you! I couldna tell ye, for fear ye would leave me, and unmanly thing that I am, I thought I couldna bear that!" ~~~~~~~~~ You should have told me!" And if I had?, You'd have turned on your heel and gone without a word. And having seen ye again--I tell ye, I would ha' done far worse than lie to keep you!" Voyager” ― Diana Gabaldon
分了手，断了联系，你...能保证不在想他吗？ 我能忍住，但我怕他忍不住……
停留是刹看只了，转好里来即会到涯。 —— 白落梅 《你若安好 格天他是晴会到》
“Tsuyokini,honki Mutekini,suteki Genki,yuuki! --Kusakabe Maron” ― Arina Tanemura, 神風怪盗ジャンヌ 1
恨君不似江楼月， 南北东西，南北东西， 只有相随无别离。 恨君却似江楼月， 暂满还亏，暂满还亏， 待得团圆是几时？ —— 吕本中 《采桑子》
“Everything changes except the love.” ― Santosh Kalwar
好脾气都是磨出来的，坏毛病都是惯出来的，治的了你脾气的是你爱的人，受的了你脾气的是爱你的人。
“I noticed him right away. No, it wasn’t his lean, rugged face. Or the dark waves of shiny hair that hung just a little too long on his forehead. It wasn’t the slim, collarless biker jacket he wore, hugging his lean shoulders. It was the way he stood. The confident way he waited in the cafeteria line to get a slice of pizza. He didn’t saunter. He didn’t amble. He stood at the center, and let the other people buzz around him. His stance was straight and sure.” ― Priya Ardis, Ever My Merlin
螃蟹在剥我的壳，笔记本在写我。 漫天的我落在枫叶上雪花上。 而你在想我。 —— 小雨 《武汉大学第二届“三行诗”大赛第41号作品》
“To feel aroused is to feel alive. Having great sex is like taking in huge lungfuls of fresh air, essential to your body, essential to your health, and essential to your life.” ― Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual
“The only love affair I needed to invest in right now was one with myself. Spend some time with me. Figuring out myself and why I picked the relationships I did. I was holding out my heart to me. Because I'd realised I was the only person who could give me a happily-ever-after.” ― Holly Bourne, It Only Happens in the Movies
帝王:离歌一曲，送卿别，此日远征南，何日凯旋归？ 将军:离歌一曲，与王别，自古横扫北，几人完肤回！ 侠客:离歌一曲，送君别，此日江湖隐，何日雄心归？ 绿林:离歌一曲，与友别，自古武林退，几人显身回！ 贤弟:离歌一曲，送兄别，此日青云步，何日耀祖归？ 长兄:离歌一曲，与弟别，自古官场斗，几人名达回！ 鄙人:离歌一曲，送汝别，此日游子意，何日思乡归？ 鄙人:离歌一曲，与吾别，自古情千殇，几人断念回！
“You’re stuck with me.” She sniffled. “Promise?” He rested his forehead against hers. “Cross my heart.” ― Kaylea Cross, Out of Her League
太阳在白天找了一天的月亮 月亮在晚上梦了一晚上的太阳
很多时候，我们想要的只是一个肯定的眼神和一颗理解的心。
“Grace stopped in the door, dimly silhouetted by the dull gray morning light, and looked back at me, at my eyes, my mouth, my hands, in a way that made something inside me knot and unknot unbearably. I didn't think I belonged here in her world, a boy stuck between two lives, dragging the dangers of the wolves with me, but when she said my name, waiting for me to follow, I knew I'd do anything to stay with her.” ― Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver
暗恋很美好，因为暗恋不会失恋。
如果可以，愿来生你不要忘记我，我也不要忘记你那熟悉的温柔。 —— 红红 《狐妖小红娘》
“Aku nggak membencimu. Aku hanya benci karena ternyata begitu sulit melupakanmu.” ― Christian Simamora, All You Can Eat
人生如梦，聚散分离， 朝如春花幕凋零，几许相聚， 几许分离，缘来缘去岂随心。 青丝白发转眼间，漠然回首，几许沧桑在心头。
在我失败的时候，在世界的门都对我“砰、砰”关上的时候，你还会把你的手给我吗？我不怕世界，可是怕你，我的理智和自制力一点都没用。
“Tatiana said. "Go on with Dasha. She is right for you. She is a woman and I'm-" "Blind!", Alexander exclaimed. Tatiana stood, desolately failing in the battle of her heart. "Oh, Alexander. What do you want from me..." "Everything", he whispered fiercely.” ― Paullina Simons, The Bronze Horseman
“...whether he stayed or left, whether they walked the same path or not. They could live on opposite sides of the world, and she would still be his.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight
“All day and all night my desire for you unwinds like a poisonous snake.” ― Samar Sen
你所谓的玩笑，里面藏着一把刀。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
我知道我长得丑，被扔石头无所谓，但让你害怕让我觉得很难过。 —— 雨果 《巴黎圣母院》
若不是情到深处难自禁，又怎会柔肠百转冷如霜 —— 萧鼎 《诛仙》
沙漠阿拉伯人形容他们也必喝三道的茶：第一道苦若生命，第二道甜似爱情，第三道淡如微风。 —— 三毛 《送你一匹马》
“People tend to criticize their spouse most loudly in the area where they themselves have the deepest emotional need.” ― Gary Chapman, The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate
红豆生南国，春来发几枝。愿君多采撷，此物最相思。 —— 王维 《相思》
“Love is a wild fire that cannot be contained by any mere element known to man.” ― Cristina Marrero, The Unsung Love Story
“It doesn’t matter. I love you. That’s it. That’s all. I hope to hell it’s enough.” ― Maya Banks, No Place to Run
“But Harry . . . even if we had met and married three years ago, you’d still say it wasn’t enough time.” “You’re right. I can’t think of a single day of my life that wouldn’t have been improved with you in it.” “Darling,” she whispered, her fingertips coming up to stroke his jaw, “that’s lovely. Even more romantic than comparing me to watch parts.” Harry nipped at her finger. “Are you mocking me?” “Not at all,” Poppy said, smiling. “I know how you feel about gears and mechanisms.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Tempt Me at Twilight
可能的话， 最好在明亮些的地方见， 季节但愿是夏天。 —— 村上春树 《寻羊冒险记》
“Scholars, theologians, and even poets have yet to be able to truly describe and touch upon the beauty, romance, and magic of a relationship built on 100% authenticity” ― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free
“Because you’re it, okay? I’m never gonna love anybody in the world like I love you.” ― Casey McQuiston, Red, White & Royal Blue
人生若只如初见，何事秋风悲画扇。 等闲变却故人心，却道故人心易变。 骊山语罢清宵半，泪雨霖铃终不怨。 何如薄幸锦衣郎，比翼连枝当日愿。 —— 纳兰性德 《木兰词・拟古决绝词柬友》
“It's b******* to think of friendship and romance being different. They're not. They're just variations of the same love. Variatons of the same desire to be close.” ― David Levithan
“I find myself fascinated by a man who admits to enjoying fairy tales and uses the word "impinge"- barely misses a beat while indulging in a brief girl-on-girl fantasy. You're a man of layers, Ford." Me and Shrek, we're onions.” ― Nora Roberts, Tribute
“But pearls are for tears, the old legend says," Gilbert had objected. "I'm not afraid of that. And tears can be happy as well as sad. My very happiest moments have been when I had tears in my eyes—when Marilla told me I might stay at Green Gables—when Matthew gave me the first pretty dress I ever had—when I heard that you were going to recover from the fever. So give me pearls for our troth ring, Gilbert, and I'll willingly accept the sorrow of life with its joy." -Anne” ― L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams
“He moves suddenly so that his hand is cupping my sex, and one of his fingers sinks slowly into me. His other arm holds me firmly in place around my waist. “This is mine,” he whispers aggressively. “All mine. Do you understand?” He eases his finger in and out as he gazes down at me, gauging my reaction, his eyes burning. “Yes, yours…” Abruptly, he moves, doing several things at once: Withdrawing his fingers, leaving me wanting, unzipping his fly, and pushing me down onto the couch so he’s lying on top of me. “Hands on your head,” he commands through gritted teeth as he kneels up, forcing my legs wider… “We don’t have long. This will be quick, and it’s for me, not you. Do you understand? Don’t come, or I will spank you,” he says through clenched teeth.” ― E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey
别的小姑娘有的，我们只只也得有。 《偷偷藏不住》
“I feel like I should probably ask you to leave. But I don’t really want you to go. I want you to stay, but I know you shouldn’t. - Hope” ― Rachel Gibson, True Confessions
我从来都无法得知，人们是究竟为什么会爱上另一个人，我猜也许我们的心上都有一个缺口，它是个空洞，呼呼的往灵魂里灌着刺骨的寒风，所以我们急切的需要一个正好形状的心来填上它，就算你是太阳一样完美的正圆形，可是我心里的缺口，或许却恰恰是个歪歪扭扭的锯齿形，所以你填不了。 —— 毛姆 《面纱》
也许爱不是热情，也不是怀念，不过是而下大将，年深大将久成了生说就时人后着的一部分。 —— 张爱玲 《半生缘》
透过你的眼，我看到了整个世界。却也真的明白了，你的世界中，没有我的色彩。
第岁一来缘浅，奈要个情深，既声要你琴瑟起，要个以笙箫默 —— 顾漫 《要个以笙箫默》
“Marriage would change hardly anything between us, except that we would end our arguments in a much more satisfying way. And of course I would have extensive legal rights over your body, your property, and all your individual freedoms, but I don't see what's so alarming about that.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning
“Anna," he said, dragging his frosted fingers through my hair."Don't you know what it means when a boy pulls your hair at your birthday party?" "No." Just, then, i didn't know what anything meant.” ― Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer
“You're so beautiful. I can't believe you're almost mine.” ― Debra White Smith, First Impressions
“Don’t make a feller wait too long. A feller waiting on a gal can get ornery’er than a huntin’ dog that’s tree’d it’s squirrel.” ― Colleen Houck
“It's about time! It's supposed to be a ritual, not a marathon.” ― Karen Chance, Claimed by Shadow
“I’ve never cheated on a lover. I’m faithful, always. But the war comes before anyone’s feelings. Every time.” Wow. Battle before love. Without a doubt, he was the most unromantic male she’d ever met. Even more so than her great-grandfather, who had laughingly burned her great-grandmother to death after she’d given birth to Gwen’s grandmother.” ― Gena Showalter, The Darkest Whisper
“Just tell him to keep his hands to himself and his python in his pants.” ― Evangeline Anderson, Claimed
假装没看见,却用余光看了千万遍.
我走过无数的桥，看过无数的云，喝过无数种类的酒，却只爱过一个正当最好年纪的人，我应当为自己感到庆幸。
“It’s like he’s picking up parts of the world and showing them to me, saying, See? It’s beautiful.” ― Cath Crowley, Words in Deep Blue
究竟爱一个人，可以到什么程度？ 究竟什么样的邂逅，可以舍命不悔？ 逻辑的尽头不是理性和秩序的理想国，而是我用生命奉献的爱情！ —— 东野圭吾 《嫌疑人X的献身》
伫倚危楼风细细，望极春愁，黯黯生天际。草色烟光残照里，无言谁会凭栏意。 拟把疏狂图一醉，对酒当歌，强乐还无味。衣带渐宽终不悔，为伊消得人憔悴。 —— 柳永 《蝶恋花・伫倚危楼风细细》
“There is nothing more beautiful than a vulnerable heart in open hands.” ― Amanda Mosher, Better to be able to love than to be loveable
满如之凡未得到，满如之凡是过去，到下向说是最登对。 —— 林夕 《似是故人来》
“..he wanted her. And at another time, as another man, he would have her. Without hesitation. As lover. . . as more.” ― Sarah MacLean
“I know my heart. It has always been yours, Kate. Always.” ― Julianne Donaldson, Blackmoore
“I read the title from the cover. ' 'The joy of... crap.' ' I read the rest of the full title of the thick, nondescript volume to myself and felt myself redden. Noah turned over on to his side and said with mock seriousness, 'I have never read 'The Joy Of Crap'. Sounds disgusting.' I blushed deeper. 'I have, however, read 'The Joy Of Sex.' ' He continued, a smile transforming his face. 'Not in a while, but I think it's one of those classics you can come back to again... and again.” ― Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer
I think love is a touch and yet not a touch. 爱是想要触碰又收回手。 —— 塞林格 《破碎故事之心》
“After you were bitten, I knew what would happen. I waited for you to change, every night, so I could bring you back and keep you from getting hurt." A chilly gust of wind lifter his hair and sent a shower of golden leaves glimmering down around him. He spred out his arms, letting them fall into his hands. He looked like a dark angel in an eternal autumn wood. "Did you know you get one happy day for everyone you catch?" I didn't know what he meant, even after he opened his fist to show me the quivering leaves crumpled in his palm. One happy day for every falling leaf you catch." Sam's voice was low. I watched the egdes of the leaves slowly unfold, fluttering in the breeze."How long did you wait?" It would have been romantic if hr'd had the courage to look into my face to say it, but instead, he dropped his eyes to the ground and scuffed his boots in the leaves- countless possibilities for happy days- on the ground. "I haven't stopped." And I should've said something romantic too, but i didn't have the courage, either. So instead, I watched the shy way he was chewing his lip and studying the leaves, and said, "That must've been very borring.” ― Maggie Stiefvater
羽墨曾说过：“解释就是掩饰，掩饰就是事实，事实就是罪恶的开始。”所以一菲剽悍的人生不需要解释。 《爱情公寓》
“We all romanticize the people we adore.” ― John Green
“If you don't do anything, you simply end up overwhelmed by something happening.” ― Matsuri Hino, Vampire Knight
月如钩，照春屏。玉漏催，酒半醒。独夜孤，有所思。种情深，转成痴。天涯同，相见难。咫尺近，别亦难。此情深，俩地牵。 《秦时明月》
当燕子在来年衔着绿色匆忙地回归， 你是否依然像十七岁那年的夏天一样在香樟下低头， 然后遇见我， 在那个冗长的， 迷幻的， 永不结束的夏天。 —— 郭敬明 《夏至未至》
“What would you have? Your gentleness shall force More than your force move us to gentleness.” ― William Shakespeare, As You Like It
女：“喂！我结婚那天你会来吗？” 男（沉默）：“我不来你结什么婚！”
“What is real and what is not is for your heart to decide and for your heart to know.” ― Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse
“She opened her mouth to answer, but he was already kissing her. She had kissed him so many times—soft gentle kisses, hard and desperate ones, brief brushes of the lips that said good-bye, and kisses that seemed to go on for hours—and this was no different. The way the memory of someone who had once lived in a house might linger even after they were gone, like a sort of psychic imprint, her body remembered Jace. Remembered the way he tasted, the slant of his mouth over hers, his scars under her fingers, the shape of his body under her hands.” ― Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls
当你想念一个人的时候，尽情去想念吧，也许有一天，你再也不会如此想念他了。到了那一天，你会想念曾经那么想念一个人的滋味。当你爱一个人的时候，尽情去爱吧，也让他知道你是如此爱他。也许有一天，当你长大了，受过太多的伤，失望太多，思虑也多了，你再也不会那么炽烈地爱一个人。
女人很可笑吧？总是宁肯把一切都押上，只为了证明你是爱她的。更可悲是花千骨，明明知道结果，还是心甘情愿被你再伤一次，只是想看看她在你心里到底有多重要。其实，你哪里又会对她有一丝慈悲和怜悯呢？你心疼你内疚，可是这些年，你只坚持你认为正确的，从来没有设身处地为她考虑过。如今，你就永生永世看着，守护着这个你用最爱的人的性命换来的世界吧。”――竹染。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
“She picked up the book and then walked back past him into the tent, but as she did so, she brushed the top of his head lightly with her hand. He closed his eyes at her touch, and hated himself for wishing that what she said was true: that Dumbledore had really cared.” ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
最爱的，是要放在天边一辈子惦念的. —— 夏七夕 《后来我们都哭了》
“I raised you so high that every other man on earth is now doomed to live in your shadow.” ― Ranata Suzuki
“Hermione turned and beamed at Harry; her eyes, too, were full of tears. ‘…then I declare you bonded for life.” ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
记住，你是一个女孩，高傲是你的象征，自信是你的资本，微笑是你的标志，你要奋斗的，不是在一个男人面前委屈求全，而是让他看到你的努力，并且等待数年后那个单膝跪地，给你无名指戴上戒指的男人.
“I tried to think of something to say. Excuse me? Hello? Marry me? Anything would have done.” ― Rick Riordan, The Red Pyramid
最单纯的喜欢就是，就算你拒绝了我，我对你也永远没有埋怨。但我不会再靠近了。如果你有求于我，我依然会鞠躬尽瘁。从今往后我会把喜欢藏起来，不再招摇过市了，我会努力过得好，希望你也是。
“I want to take my time with you - to learn … every inch of you. And this apartment has very, very thin walls. I don’t want to have an audience” he added as he leaned down again, brushing his mouth over the cut at the base of her throat, “when I make you moan, Aelin.” ― Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows
鸣神の 少しとよみて さし昙り 雨も降らんか 君を留めん 鸣神の 少しとよみて 降らずとも 我は止まらん 妹し留めば 殷其雷，天霾霾；雨零耶，君将留？ 殷其雷，纵不零；卿若留，吾将从！ —— 新海诚 《言叶之庭》
“Cam held her closer. "Marry me, Amelia. You're what I want. You're my fate." One hand slid to the back of her head, gripping the braids and ribbons to keep her mouth upturned. "Say yes." He nibbled at her lips, licked at them, opened them. He kissed her until she writhed in his arms, her pulse racing. "Say it, Amelia, and save me from ever having to spend a night with another woman. I'll sleep indoors. I'll get a haircut. God help me, I think I'd even carry a pocket watch if it pleased you.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight
“You naked in my bed is even more unbelievably beautiful than I thought it would be... and trust me I've thought about it. A lot.” ― Abbi Glines, Fallen Too Far
爱，从来就是一件千回百转的事。不曾被离弃，不曾受伤害，怎懂得爱人？爱，原来是一种经历。 —— 张小娴 《拥抱》
你以为和你好聚好散的男人是有风度？那些都是假的！我告诉你，总有一天你会知道，愿意留下来浪费时间陪你较真，愿意浪费表情和你吵架的傻瓜才是真的爱你！ —— 辛夷坞 《浮世浮城》
“Sometimes Hen...I think I would give my life just for one of your smiles.” ― Julia Quinn, Minx
“Who's the young man beside you?" Helen suddenly asked. "Oh, I see, you're one of us." She turned to Nonie. "And you did introduce us before." She tapped a finger against her right temple. "Every once in a while this old clock up here forgets to click to the next second. I apologize for that.” ― Deborah Leblanc, Toe to Toe
“Fall in love with the energy of the mornings trace your fingers along the lull of the afternoons take the spirit of the evenings in your arms kiss it deeply and then make love to the tranquility of the nights.” ― Sanober Khan
第一世，我乃琴师，你乃听者;你说我扶琴一曲醉人心，愿我为伯牙，你为子期;终日听我绕梁音; 后来你悄行西去，只独留我一人弦断音垮从此余生不嫁。 等二世，我乃戏子，你乃将军;你说我妙曼舞姿倾城颜，愿我为虞姬，你为项羽;水火乱世护我全; 后来你兵败被杀，我闻后一夜白发次日自刎血染了江花。 第三世，我乃白衣，你乃朱袍;你说我学富五车胜须眉，愿我为清照，你为明诚，青梅煮酒搏弈坐; 后来你染病先离，余我一人静看这流水脉脉叹花开花落。 三生誓言为谁许 许后可曾遵此诺 诺行若终是无果 来生何必拒孟婆
清华到德云社只需要八分钟， 北大到德云社只需要两块钱， 北京师范转角就是德云社， 姐妹，角儿在等着您呢
“And then to Leo’s surprise, Catherine smiled at him. A sweet, natural, brilliant smile, the first she had ever given him. Leo felt his chest tighten, and he went hot all over, as if some euphoric drug had gone straight to his nervous system. It felt like … happiness. He remembered happiness from a long time ago. He didn’t want to feel it. And yet the giddy warmth kept washing over him for no reason whatsoever. “Thank you,” Catherine said, the smile still hovering on her lips. “That is kind of you, my lord. But I will never dance with you.” Which, of course, made it the goal of Leo’s life.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning
你肯定是远视，要不然怎么只会看到离你那么远的她，而不是离你那么近的我。
如果有一天 我对你说:我想你了 那不是我那个时候想你了 而是我那个时候我想你想得忍不住了。
人说，林深时见鹿，海蓝时见鲸，梦醒时见你。 可实际，林深时雾起，海蓝时浪涌，梦醒时也许未见鹿，未见鲸，亦未见你。 但是，鹿踏雾而来，鲸随浪儿起，你没回头，又怎知我没来过。
有的时候，一旦错过打为是一生。 实能次遇见，可有来生？ —— 籽后第 《夏有乔木雅望是这堂》
我想我能够明白，为什么时间过去了你过不去 —— 独木舟 《我亦飘零久》
绝情殿里她的笑，她的努力，他都看在眼里。她为他做菜，为他抚琴，为他束发，喂血给他喝，为他盗神器解剧毒，为他受刑被逐也一声不吭。她为他尝尽了苦楚，受尽了折磨。最后的最后，她说，断念已残，宫铃已毁，从今往后，师徒恩断义绝…… —— fresh 果果 《花千骨》
“When I met a truly beautiful girl, I would tell her that if she spent the night with me, I would write a novel or a story about her. This usually worked; and if her name was to be in the title of the story, it almost always worked. Then, later, when we'd passed a night of delicious love-making together, after she’d gone and I’d felt that feeling of happiness mixed with sorrow, I sometimes would write a book or story about her. Sometimes her character, her way about herself, her love-making, it sometimes marked me so heavily that I couldn't go on in life and be happy unless I wrote a book or a story about that woman, the happy and sad memory of that woman. That was the only way to keep her, and to say goodbye to her without her ever leaving.” ― Roman Payne
“Some minutes or hours or days later, when I lay boneless and well satisfied, Ethan raised his gaze to mine again. His eyes were silver, his fangs descended. "There is no going back," he said, "Not after this.” ― Chloe Neill, Twice Bitten
“She was breathtaking in her beauty and her human spirit, he thought, unable to speak as he gazed upon her. Hers was the sort that would not fade or grow jaded with time and years, but flourish, grow more radiant with life and its experience. Hers was a beauty that no other possessed. A beauty he longed to keep, to hide away, to bask in, himself alone. She had become his. He didn’t know when, whether it had been the moment her fingertips had touched him when he was hurt, or if it had grown, like a seed, slowing spreading until Jane had become the root anchoring the shattered pieces of his heart, pulling them tight together until it resembled the organ it should.” ― Charlotte Featherstone, Sinful
喜欢不一定非要谈恋爱 现在互相拥有还太过幼稚 等自己真正能撑起一片天的时候 能对喜欢的人负责 而不是在空间里留言 在签名上暧昧 天天聊的没完 再相爱的两个人也都有自己的事情 没有必要每时每刻都在一起 不是等一分手就删留言删照片 改个签名跟世界末日似的然后再看着过去的聊天记录哭的稀里哗啦 爱一个人是不会让她掉眼泪的 总有一天 你会不需要轰轰烈烈的爱情 你想要的只是一个不会离开你的人 冷的时候他会给你一件外套 胃里难受的时候他会给你一杯热水 难过的时候他会给你一个拥抱 就这么一直陪在你身边 陪你走过每一段路 不是整天多爱多爱 而是认真的一句 不离开所以 等到成熟的年纪 若能最后在一起 晚点没关系
16岁，惊鸿一瞥，记忆犹新； 17岁，人线木偶，笑容牵制； 18岁，望尘莫及，无法忘怀； 19岁，各奔东西，梦里相见； 22岁，久别重逢，喜极而泣； 23岁，后知后觉，已有红颜。
“You love me,” he said. “That’s all I need to know.” “You always say the right thing,” Savannah told him, her eyes so filled with love that he almost wept. “Sometimes it takes you awhile to get to it, but you always get there, and what you say is always worth waiting for.” ― Suzanne Brockmann, Out of Control
“You are my fantasy on a cold dark night, my muse during the light of day and the one wish my soul would make” ― Grace Willows
该来的都会来 ， 该走的全会走 ， 别抗拒 ， 别挽留 ， 别贪恋 ， 别不舍 ， 别担心 。
去看你想看的人吧， 趁阳光正好，趁微风不噪，趁你还年轻，趁他还未老。
愿你所有快乐，无需假装 愿你此生尽兴，赤诚善良 祝你岁月无波澜，敬我余生不悲欢。
不知谁说的，幸福要走那么多路，用那么漫长的时间，做出那么多努力，毁坏它却只要迈出一步，一瞬之间，不费吹灰。 —— 唐七公子 《华胥引》
我们总是在错误的时间，错误的地点，懵懵然就爱上那个人。然后，不得不用尽一生，遗忘。
“Want to know the best part of being a warlord?' came a hoarse whisper. I bit my lip, puzzled by the question. Keir’s mouth curled up slowly into a smile. 'I always get what I want.” ― Elizabeth Vaughan, Warprize
月亮照耀青窗， 窗里窗外皆有青色的光。 不管远方如何声讨你是背信的人， 月光下总有一扇青窗， 坚持说你是唯一被等待的人。 —— 简媜 《下午茶》
“The only problem with one-man woman was that he was not a one-woman man.” ― Rachel Gibson, I'm In No Mood For Love
“If I am never to have you again after this night, this moment, you will remain the wife of my soul. Keeper of my heart.” ― Penelope Williamson, A Wild Yearning
“My Dearest Julianne, Thank you for your immeasurable gift. The only thing I have of value is my heart. It’s yours, Gabriel.” ― Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Rapture
问世间情为何物， 不过海市蜃楼罢了; 问世间恨为何物， 不过爱到尽头罢了; 问世间累为何物， 不过心灰意冷罢了; 问世间泪为何物， 不过真心破碎罢了; 问世间你为何物， 不过是我人生的路人罢了。
“知道月亮为什么是两头尖尖中间弧形吗？” “锋芒对外，温柔对你”
“You feel more like home to me than any place I've ever been.” ― Angela N. Blount, Once Upon an Ever After
萝莉有三好：清音、柔体、易推倒； 御姐有三好：啤酒、洗澡、吃嫩草； 女王有三妙：木马、蜡烛、皮鞭操； 人妻有三情：爱情、亲情、婚外情； 御妹有三巧：乖巧、灵巧、推的巧； 老师有三事：教室、房事、坐莲式。
一身诗意千寻瀑，万古人间四月天。 —— 金岳霖 《林徽因挽联》
“Love is elixir that keeps you alive. Love is poison that kills you. Unreciprocated love keeps you alive, but kills every day.” ― Udai Yadla, A Walk in the Rain
“What in the blue star-blazes did you see in Jason?" he asked, still forcefully but with his frustration and jealousy under better control. "For one thing, Djetth, he wasn't trying to kill me!" ("Marsh", heroine of Insufficient Mating Material)” ― Rowena Cherry, Insufficient Mating Material
月出光在天，月亮光在地。 何当同心人，两两不相弃。 —— 纳兰容若 《高楼望月》
和男朋友吵架，先别急着去追究吵架的原因，而是要弄明白他怎么突然胆子就肥了起来。
“Love me like Saturday night, like three glasses of champagne, like the room is spinning, like you're drunk on my love.” ― C.J. Carlyon
“فإنْ كانَ قلبكِ يا سيّدتي شيئاً غيرَ القلوب فما نحنُ شيئاً غيرَ النّاس , وَ إنْ كنتِ هندسةً وحدها في بناءِ الحبِّ فما خُلقتْ أعمارنا في هندستكِ للقياس , وَ هبي قلبكِ خُلقَ " مربّعاً " أفلا يسعنا " ضلعٌ " من أضلاعه , أوْ " مدوّراً " أفلا يُمسكنا " محيطه " في " نقطة " منْ انخفاضه أو ارتفاعه , وَ هبيه " مثلّثا " فاجعلينا منهُ بقيّةً في " الزّاوية " أو " مستطيلاً " فدعينا نمتدُّ معه وَ لوْ إلى ناحية ...!” ― مصطفى صادق الرافعي, أوراق الورد
有些感情纠缠久了，到后来你已经分不清楚，到底你是要爱，还是要赢。
“愿你迷路一生，还是走到我身边” “我爱的人，不是我爱人” “没有公道，只有你错她对” “你从来都不是一个人，你还有我” —— 叶非夜 《亿万星辰不及你》
跟着你，在哪里，做什么，都好。 —— 饶雪漫 《左耳》
离开一个地方，风景就不再属于你；错过一个人，那人便再与你无关。
“I knew you read the Symposium in the vac," he said in a low voice. Maurice felt uneasy. "Then you understand - without me saying more - " "How do you mean?" Durham could not wait. People were all around them, but with eyes that had gone intensely blue he whispered, "I love you.” ― E. M. Forster, Maurice
不是除了你没人要，只是除了你谁都不想要而已 《最撩人的情话是什么？》
“Beh reaches up and touches my cheek. “Love,” she whispers. “Luffs!” I respond, and her smile brightens even more. Without a doubt, I will do anything for her.” ― Shay Savage, Transcendence
“If you can forget the person you love, you have not loved enough.” ― Anmol Rawat, A Little Chorus of Love
月光下的树影斑驳了多久时间， 白裙子的女孩路过了多少次这街， 夕阳下我多少次回望着你的眼， 你有过多少遗憾总是苍茫了爱恋。 忘川河畔盛开了多少朵红莲， 轮回中我们擦肩了多少个百年， 前世的你吟唱了多少梦萦魂牵， 如今的我多少次梦回少年蹁跹。 一百年一千年之后匆匆过去多少年， 漫漫岁月中我们许过多少诺言， 多年之后我们是否还会无悔相伴， 只为你的一笑误我浮生的匆匆那年。 —— 九夜茴 《匆匆那年》
万物有界，爱恨无由。 其实爱，很简单,不期待,就不会被伤害。 —— 夏天岛 《狐妖小红娘》
“You are the trip I did not take, you are the pearls I could not buy, you are my blue Italian lake, you are my piece of foreign sky. You are my Honolulu moon, you are the book I did not write, you are my heart's unuttered tune, you are a candle in my night. You are the flower beneath the snow, in my dark sky a bit of blue, answering disappointment's blow with "I am happy! I have you!” ― Anne Campbell
人生自古谁无死，早死晚死都得死。 —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
“What a woman you are,” he murmured, and she heard the emotion in it, the way the Irish thickened just a bit in his voice. And saw it in those vivid eyes when he drew back. “That you would think of this. That you would do this.” He shook his head, kissed her. Like the breath, long and quiet. “I can’t thank you enough. There isn’t enough thanks. I can’t say what this means to me, even to you. I don’t have the words for it.” He took her hands, brought them both to his lips. “A ghra. You stagger me.” He framed her face now, touched his lips to her brow. “You’re the beat of my heart, the breath in my body, the light in my soul.” ― J.D. Robb, Indulgence in Death
“I'll think of you, just like I promised." "And I'll think of you, just like I have every day," Tamani said.” ― Aprilynne Pike, Wings
老来多健忘，唯不忘相思。 —— 白居易 《偶作寄朗之》
在有生的瞬间能遇见你，竟花光所有运气，到这日才发现，曾呼吸过空气 —— 林夕 《明年今日》
所谓教材：就是把一个简单易懂的名词，扩写成一堆谁也看不懂的句子。 —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
我遇到猫在潜水，却没遇到你； 我遇到狗在攀岩，却没遇到你； 我遇到夏天飘雪，却没遇到你； 我遇到冬天刮台风，却没遇到你； 我遇到猪都学会结网了，却没遇到你…… 我遇到所有的不平凡， 却一直遇不到平凡的你。 —— 几米 《听几米唱歌》
“Two gasps rang out. The first one came from Clara, the second from Fezzo. One moment they'd been looking at a mound of concrete, and now they were staring at two human feet. They were crossed at the ankle so that tops of the feet faced each other and rested toe to toe.” ― Deborah Leblanc, Toe to Toe
非让现实给你一巴掌, 你才知道社会有多虚伪, 非让所谓的朋友把你败坏的什么都不是,你才知道人心可畏,,
初恋之所以美好，是因为我们再也回不去那个年轻纯洁的时光了。 《请回答1997》
山有木兮卿有意 岁岁与君不相离
“The moment you stop chasing happiness, you become happy.” ― Sandy Hyatt-James
“I wonder if he'll ever see the truth in my own heart: that, whatever Dustpelt says, however much Fireheart breaks the warrior code, I love him more that I could imagine loving any other cat. And if Fireheart knew, would he love me, too? - Sandstorm” ― Erin Hunter, Code of the Clans
我，是一朵盛开的夏莲， 多希望，你能看见现在的我。 风霜还不曾来侵蚀， 秋雨还未滴落。 青涩的季节又已离我远去， 我已亭亭，不忧，亦不惧。 现在，正是， 最美丽的时刻， 重门却已深锁， 在芬芳的笑靥之后， 谁人知道我莲的心事。 无缘的你啊， 不是来得太早，就是， 太迟…… —— 席慕蓉 《莲的心事》
悲しみの数を 言い尽くすより，同じくたびるで そっとうたおう（总有数不尽说不完的悲伤，不如嘴巴张开将一曲轻轻哼唱。） —— 木村弓 《いつも何度でも》
这次我离开你，是风，是雨，是夜晚； 你笑了笑，我摆一摆手，一条寂寞的路便展向两头了。 —— 郑愁予 《赋别》
总要有些随风 有些入梦 有些长留在心中 于是有时疯狂 有时迷惘 有时唱 —— 高晓松 《立秋》
“Curse him for being all tight muscle, with ivory skin and a mouth as soft as rose petals. Curse him for having hair as fair as the sun, and eyes as black as night. Curse him for having the grace of a cat and deft, cool hands. And now I am having the same argument on paper that I have in my own head on too many nights. I know my choice is sensible, but it isn't my common sense I think with, those times Rosto's stolen a kiss from me.” ― Tamora Pierce, Bloodhound
年少时，我们因谁因爱或是只因寂寞而同场起舞； 沧桑后，我们何因何故寂寞如初却宁愿形同陌路。 —— 席慕蓉 《无怨的青春》
“You might not understand, but I gave you the best of me, and after you left, nothing was ever the same.” ― Nicholas Sparks, The Best of Me
“I'm... I'm so in love with you that I can't even stand it! Sasuke! Stay with me, and I'll never let you regret it! We'll have fun every day, and... And you'll be happy! I'll make sure of it! I'll do anything for you, Sasuke! Just, please... Please, please don't go! I'll even help you take revenge! I mean, I'll manage it somehow, so... So please... Stay with me.” ― Masashi Kishimoto, Naruto, Vol. 21: Pursuit
相思相见知何日？此时此夜难为情！ —— 李白 《三五七言 / 秋风词》
记忆的梗上，谁没有，两三朵娉婷，披着情绪的花，无名的展开。
我若在你心上，情敌三千又何妨。你若在我身旁，负了天下又怎样。
“My panties were still on but he didn’t let that stop him, nosing them out of the way and tonguing my sex, making low, growling noises in his throat like a big cat purring with pleasure while it devoured its prey.” ― Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar
“Anyway." I cleared my throat loudly. "Thank you again for the beautiful necklace. It's perfect, and I love it. Where did you find it? I've never seen anything like it before." It was his turn to look embarrassed and he ducked his head. "That's because I made it." He peeked up at me, and my heart melted. Am I dreaming? This has to be a dream. "You made it?" Something wet hit my cheek and I brushed it away, impatiently waiting for his answer. "Yeah," he said shyly. "I did.” ― Jessica Verday, The Hollow
衣带渐宽终不悔，为伊消得人憔悴。 —— 柳永 《蝶恋花》
“ 你希望和你爱的人相交还是平行？” “相交就在一起然后再渐行渐远，” “平行就一辈子做朋友爱而不得。” “有一种特殊的平行，叫重合”
原谅我孤陋寡闻，不知你心中有人
“Magnus remembered a town in Peru whose Quechua name meant “quiet place.” He recalled even more vividly being obscenely drunk and unhappy over his heartbreak of that time, and the maudlin thoughts that had recurred to him over the years, like an unwanted guest slipping in through his doors: that there was no peace for such as he, no quiet place, and there never would be. Except he found himself remembering lying in bed with Alec—all of their clothes on, lounging on the bed on a lazy afternoon, Alec laughing, head thrown back, the marks Magnus had left on his throat very plain to see.” ― Sarah Rees Brennan, What to Buy the Shadowhunter Who Has Everything
“Give me some sugar.” ― Rachel Gibson, Simply Irresistible
“I want him to look in the mirror and smile, not scowl. I need him to not think of himself as a monster. I need him to see the real him, because if he doesn’t pull himself out of the villain role, it will destroy him, and I’ll just be left with ashes. I just needed to get it all out because I feel like I’m drowning, and it’s hard to keep myself above water,especially when I’m fighting against the current to save him rather than myself.” ― Anna Todd, After Ever Happy
尼采说：“一个人知道自己为了什么而活,他就能够忍受任何一种生活。” 李宫俊说：“一个人知道自己为什么而吃，就可以忍受任何一种肥胖。” —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
个界时年生死成下茫茫，不思量，自难忘。 —— 苏轼 《朱城子·乙卯正风个界二个界时日夜走我梦》
有时候，选择与某人保持距离，不是因为不在乎，而是因为清楚的知道，他不属于你。爱，就是心疼。你可以喜欢很多人，但心疼的只有一个。不要等我流泪，你才明白我的悲伤。不要等我消失，你才知道我的存在。等与不等，我都等了。在与不在乎，我都已经在乎了。
“Bellamy took Clarke’s hand, then leaned in and whispered, “Should we go check on your parents?” She turned to him and tilted her head to the side. “Don’t you think it’s a little early to be meeting my parents?” she teased. “After all, we’ve been dating less than a month.” “A month in Earth time is like, ten years in space time, don’t you think?” Clarke nodded. “You’re right. And I suppose that means that I can’t get mad at you if you decide to call it off after a few months, because that’s really a few decades.” Bellamy wrapped his arm around her waist and drew her close. “I want to spend eons with you, Clarke Griffin.” She rose onto her toes and kissed his cheek. “Glad to hear it, because there’s no going back now. We’re here for good.” ― Kass Morgan, Homecoming
过去和开心是假的，回忆是一后往心过了有归途的而去，以在以的一切春好起和开心出着样法复原，即使最狂热最坚贞的爱情，归根结底也不过是一种瞬息即逝的现没的，唯有孤独永恒。 —— 汪都叫岁克你里 《百年孤独》
阅尽时个成物涯离着如苦,不道归来,零落花如许。 花底相看发笑之一语,绿窗春与时个成物俱莫。 待把相思灯下诉,一缕新欢,旧恨千千缕。 最是人间留不住,洪颜辞镜花辞树。 —— 赖国维 《蝶恋花》
不闻不问不一定是忘记了，但一定是疏远了，彼此沉默太久就连主动都需要勇气。
【民国结婚证书上的一段美好的话】 “两姓联姻，一堂缔约，良缘永结，匹配同称。看此日桃花灼灼，宜室宜家，卜他年瓜瓞绵绵，尔昌尔炽。谨以白头之约，书向鸿笺，好将红叶之盟，载明鸳谱。此证。”
爱，从来就是一件千回百转的事。 —— 张小娴 《不如你送我一场春雨》
既然来到这个世界走一回，就好好的活上他一回，给自己的人生画上几道色彩！ 生活的目标要看得远，但人生的目标别太高。 要是找不到自己存在的价值，就想想自己如何给自己一个交代， 给父母、朋友、心里最爱的那个他/她一个交代！然后在好好享受夕阳美，傻笑一下 给自己人生画上一个完美的句号！ 活着的意义就是为了寻找活着的意义：成功须付出汗水。成功、失败、大笑、痛哭，每一个环节都尽情的去体会、享受， 用心另眼看世界吧，还是想想那句“开心也是一天，不开心也是一天，何不如天天开心”。 生容易，活容易，生活却不容易。 《爱情公寓》
“When lovers kiss on the cheeks, it is because they are searching, feeling for one another's lips. Lovers are made by a kiss.” ― Émile Zola, The Fortune of the Rougons
你来过一下子,我想念一辈子 —— 蓝若英 《光》
“There's no reason to think we're going to stop loving each other,' he said. 'And there's every reason to think that we won't.” ― Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park
大家都在结婚， 我不确定，他们是因为爱到，必须用婚姻来表达。 还是，因为这日子无聊、无趣、无可奈何。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
我想再等一会 说不定等你回头 发现我在身后 你就会奔我而来了 —— 林鳩 《丧》
“Picnics are very dear to those who are in the first stage of the tender passion.” ― Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
千军万马未乱我半拍心跳 到最后竟败给你浅浅一笑
牵着我的手，闭着眼睛走你也不会迷路。 —— 郭敬明 《左手倒影，右手年华》
Hot summer nights, mid-July仲夏夜茫，七月未央 When you and I were foreverwild起初你我年少轻狂，不惧岁月漫长 The crazy days, the citylights纵情时光，华灯初放 The way you'd play with me like a child我们如孩提时光嬉戏疯狂 Will you still love me when I'm no longer young and beautiful Will you still love me when I got nothing but my aching soul —— Lana Del Rey 《Young & Beautiful》
梦里梦到的人 醒来就该去睡了他
“She said it was beautiful to be loved, and that it made everything on earth look brighter.” ― Fanny Fern, Ruth Hall: A Domestic Tale of the Present Time
“We don’t read and write poetry because it’s cute. We read and write poetry because we are members of the human race. And the human race is filled with passion. And medicine, law, business, engineering – these are noble pursuits and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love – these are what we stay alive for.” ― Robin Williams
“Because I don’t believe that you are a slave to what you’ve become. I don’t believe that you simply can’t.” ― Bella Forrest, A Shade of Vampire
纤云弄巧，飞星传恨，银汉迢迢暗度。 —— 秦观 《鹊桥仙·纤云弄巧》
海棠开后，望到如今。 —— 郑文妻 《忆秦娥·花深深》
“For his thirtieth birthday he had filled a whole night-club off Regent Street; people had been queuing on the pavement to get in. The SIM card of his mobile phone in his pocket was overflowing with telephone numbers of all the hundreds of people he had met in the last ten years, and yet the only person he had ever wanted to talk to in all that time was standing now in the very next room.” ― David Nicholls, One Day
“It is as if Quincey has replaced the sun in my universe and it is around him that I spin.” ― Kate Cary
“Don’t call me babe. I’m not a floozy. Or a freaking talking pig.” ― Katee Robert, Wrong Bed, Right Guy
我喜欢你 你叫我向东，我羊羔一样给你青草 你让我向西，我夕阳一样映你彩霞 你叫我向北，我是你冬风中的百合 你让我向南，你就是我空中的新娘 ... 我喜欢你 有分寸的、节制的、狂喜的、哭泣的 —— 三毛 《我喜欢你》
他在等，等星辰归，等熏风来，好在如他所愿，这星辰与风，曾往北去，却终是南来。
“I'm glad you escaped, Kyra," Fred said, looking serious again. "And that I found you." "Me too," Kyra said, glancing up at him. "It wouldn't have been much of a life trying to live in the dumbwaiter." Fred leaned down and kissed Kyra full on the lips. Kyra pulled away. "How do you know I'm interested in you? Just because you've decided I'm worth hanging around for doesn't mean I feel the same way." Fred cocked his head at her. "Really?" "Oh, okay," Kyra said. Then she kissed him back.” ― Bridget Zinn, Poison
“I suppose I'll say it all started with a love letter” ― Jenny Han, Always and Forever, Lara Jean
“And your life,' Katie said to Christy, 'is turning into a rather predictable romance. Girl meets boy. Boy is a dork for four years. Girl blossoms into a gorgeous woman. Boy finds his brain. Girl turns into starry-eyed mush head.” ― Robin Jones Gunn, In Your Dreams
“Innocence invites protection, yet we might be smarter to protect ourselves against it...” ― Megan Johns, The Path of Innocence
“Popcorn, chocolate, coffee, ice cream, and pizza. The five food groups. Health nuts are going to feel stupid one day, dying of nothing.” ― Kelly Moran, Puppy Love
“Berhentilah mencari laki-laki untuk membuatmu baagia. Mulailah menjadi perempuan bahagia yang dicari laki-laki.” ― Christian Simamora, Guilty Pleasure
“I think of you only twice a day - when I am alone and when I am with someone else.” ― Amit Kalantri, I Love You Too
“She’d felt it before, she felt it now: the pull to fall in with him, to fall into him, to lose her sense of self.” ― Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Crime
“You've got an awfully kissable mouth.” ― F. Scott Fitzgerald, Gatsby Girls
“No, this, she felt, was real life and if she wasn’t as curious or passionate as she had once been, that was only to be expected. It would be inappropriate, undignified, at thirty-eight, to conduct friendships or love affairs with the ardour and intensity of a twenty-two-year-old. Falling in love like that? Writing poetry, crying at pop songs? Dragging people into photo-booths, taking a whole day to make a compilation tape, asking people if they wanted to share your bed, just for company? If you quoted Bob Dylan or T.S. Eliot or, God forbid, Brecht at someone these days they would smile politely and step quietly backwards, and who would blame them? Ridiculous, at thirty-eight, to expect a song or book or film to change your life. No, everything had evened out and settled down and life was lived against a general background hum of comfort, satisfaction and familiarity. There would be no more of these nerve-jangling highs and lows. The friends they had now would be the friends they had in five, ten, twenty years’ time. They expected to get neither dramatically richer or poorer; they expected to stay healthy for a little while yet. Caught in the middle; middle class, middle-aged; happy in that they were not overly happy. Finally, she loved someone and felt fairly confident that she was loved in return. If someone asked Emma, as they sometimes did at parties, how she and her husband had met, she told them: ‘We grew up together.” ― David Nicholls, One Day
“如果不是提分手就没有必要跟我说抱歉，你对我坦诚以待，我也应该倒箧倾囊，论理，是我对不起你。”傅清疏说这话的时候声音放得很低，听起来很温柔，是真的将他放进了自己的安全圈。 —— 荒川黛 《教授，抑制剂要吗》
最是那一低头的温柔, 象一朵水莲花不胜凉风的娇羞, 道一声珍重,道一声珍重, 那一声珍重里有蜜甜的忧愁-- 沙扬娜拉！ —— 徐志摩 《沙扬娜拉赠日本女郎》
深情即是一桩悲剧，必得以死来句读。 《四月裂帛》
“Sonetimes the hardest person to forgive is yourself.” ― Sarah Sundin
血染江山的画 怎敌你眉间 一点朱砂 覆了天下也罢 始终不过 一场繁华 碧血染就桃花 只想再见 你泪如雨下 —— 河图 《倾尽天下》
要不是你说 “高数好难快给我讲讲” 我高数肯定挂科了
“A muffled voice startled them both. "When are you going to kiss her?" They pulled away. In the ballroom windows, noses and hands pressed against the glass, were the girls. They stood among the prickly rosebushes, beaming wicked little grins. Delphinium and Eve whispered and giggled to each other; Bramble wore a magnificent grin on her face and a spark of light in her yellow-green eyes. Another figure stood among them. This one had his arms folded across his chest, stiff and firm and formal... ...Yet he did not look displeased.” ― Heather Dixon, Entwined
“I look for you in every life, but I don't always find you. And sometimes I find you too late.” ― Kirsten Miller, The Eternal Ones
“My love for you won't stop with my leaving. Come an evening over the years, when you step outside your door and hear the wind blowing through the cottonwoods, that'll be me, thinking of you, whispering your name, and loving you.” ― Penelope Williamson
张伟：我的优点是：我很帅。 （snake）我的缺点是：我帅的不明显。 —— 张伟 《爱情公寓》
“While she could hardly fathom what had just happened to her that night, she reached some conclusions before she fell asleep, certain things now made perfect sense; Moon River didn’t sound so syrupy, mistletoe wasn’t such a bad idea, and perhaps dating was not such a frivolous waste of time after all.” ― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,
情不知所起，一往而深；爱不知所依，至死不渝
真正爱你的人，绝不会离开你。他纵有千百个理由放弃，却也总会找一个理由坚持下去。
“See, don't just look. Your partner is so much more than their appearance. It's how kind their heart is, how lovely they smile, how much they care and have compassion, how generous and giving they are which becomes much more attractive.” ― Suzan Battah, Five Senses of Romance A Self Help Guide for Gentlemen and Ladies, Both Single and Taken
“We've got a bond in common, you and I. We are both alone in the world.” ― Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca
“It's me," a deep voice rumbled. The hands released me and I turned. There stood Derek, all six foot of him. Maybe it was just the thrill of seeing him, but he looked better than I remembered. His black hair was still lank, and his face was still dotted with acne. But he looked...better. ~~~~~ Tori waited until Derek was gone, then shuddered. "Okay, Derek always weired me out, but the wolf man stuff is seriously creepy. Suits him, I suppose. A creepy power for a creepy guy." "I thought he looked better." She stared at me. "What? He does. Probably because he's starting his wolf changes and he's not stressed out about being in Lyle House. That must help." "You know what will really help? Shampoo. Deodorant - " I raised my hand to cut her off. "He smelled fine, so don't start that. I'm sure his wearing deodorant and - for once-it's working. As for showers, they're a little hard to come by on the street, and we won't look much better soon." "I'm just saying." "Do you think he doesn't know you're saying? News flash-he's not stupid.” ― Kelley Armstrong, The Awakening
第一眼就心动的人要怎么做朋友 —— 另维 《你知道我为什么离开你》
“Catch me, Seth," she invited. He paused. "Faeries chase," he said, an then , with a flirtatious smile, he turned away, but before he could take a second step, she was behind him, arms around him, lips pressed against his neck. "I seem caught," he murmured. The Summer Queen whispered, "Me too." And They fell together in a bed of flowers that now covered the floor” ― Melissa Marr, Darkest Mercy
“That it would always be summer and autumn, and you always courting me, and always thinking as much of me as you have done through the past summertime!” ― Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles
“Emma turned to him, bottom lip trembling. “For me?” “Always for you. All things for you. He coughed into his fist “All your own.” ― Kresley Cole, A Hunger Like No Other
“[On what young husbands should say to their wives:] I have taken you in my arms, and I love you, and I prefer you to my life itself. For the present life is nothing, and my most ardent dream is to spend it with you in such a way that we may be assured of not being separated in the life reserved for us... I place your love above all things, and nothing would be more bitter or painful to me than to be of a different mind than you.” ― John Chrysostom
我的灵魂里是有很多地方玩世不恭 ，对人傲慢无礼，但是它是有一个核心的，这个核心害怕黑暗，柔弱得像是绵羊一样。只有顶平等的友爱才能使他得到安慰。你对我是属于这个核心的。 —— 王小波 《爱你就像爱生命》
“Her gaze met his, her blue eyes filled with confusion and terror – and love. If Julian hadn’t already been in love with her, that would have done it.” ― Pamela Clare, Hard Evidence
“When they write my obituary. Tomorrow. Or the next day. It will say, Leo Gursky is survived by an apartment full of shit” ― Nicole Krauss, The History of Love
“Your beauty took my breath away, but your mind has stopped my heart.” ― Ivan Rusilko, Appetizers
“This is Sailor Supergirl,” George says. “She knows all about black holes.” ― Huntley Fitzpatrick, My Life Next Door
快乐不是做一件事的唯一宗旨。 —— 曾小贤 《爱情公寓》
我所要的不多，不求你能爱我有多深，只要每日喜欢我一点点，日日复月月，月月复年年，年年复此生。可以么?无妨爱我淡薄，但求爱我长久。 —— 电线 《香蜜沉沉烬如霜》
“Clearly the sight of a well-muscled forearm incited a woman to utter depravity. How else to explain the invention of cuffs?” ― Tessa Dare, Goddess of the Hunt
“When he reached her, he touched a hand to her face. Smiled. "Important. That's one word. Everything. That's another. Loved," he said, adding the most important word of all. "God, Darcy, you are so loved.” ― Cindy Gerard, To the Brink
有丝为缦 有草为蔓 有水为漫 有言为谩 而心有一人，就慢了 —— 于筱筑 《请在秋天叫醒我》
“Asuka...you're really cute. When I look at you...I start wanting to protect you.” ― Aya Kanno
“对于我一生唯一爱过的人，我当然要给她一个男人对女人的最高待遇。” “什么待遇？” 言溯没回头，语调很淡然：“她活着，我用一生寻找她，她死了，我用一生铭记她。” —— 玖月晞 《亲爱的阿基米德》
“I can't take anything you don't give me. Stop giving me power over your life.” ― Chelsea M. Cameron, Deeper We Fall
“Don't take this next undercover assignment. Stay with me instead." Nick's eyes pierced hers, refusing to let her off that easily. "Tell me why." "Because... I love you." She exhaled. No take-backs. The words were out there forever. And it felt great.” ― Julie James, A Lot like Love
如果可以，我一点都不想喜欢上你。找个女孩子，光明正大手牵手走在人前，可是，没人给过我机会。第一次喜欢人，就喜欢上了你。 —— 南康白起 《浮生六记(南康白起小说)》
工作账号，谢绝闲聊，若要强聊，每次五毛，标点符号，半价收费，千字以上，八折优惠 《爱情公寓》
“You know if you would just do as I say I wouldn't have to hurt you.” ― Amanda Stephan, The Price of Trust
“Why are you pretending to write, when I already know you're just doing that to intimidate me?” ― Jennifer Echols, Going Too Far
“The man who gets Mara gets you and Billie. I’m that man. What you gotta get is, while fallin’ in love with Mara, I fell in love with you and your sister. Straight up, Bud, no lie. The feelings I feel for Mara are hers, the feelings I feel for Billie are hers and the feelings I feel for you are yours. You all have my love, not collectively, individually. Do you understand me?” “Mitch nodded. “Right. What I mean is, I didn’t fall in love with you all as a whole. I fell in love with each of you because of who you are. I don’t care about you because you come with Mara. I care about you because you’re a good kid. You’re smart. You’re loyal. And you love and look out for your sister and Mara. I know grown men who do not have a character as fine as yours. Those are the reasons I love you. There are different reasons I love Billie. And there are different reasons I love Mara. Today, what we had together was good. But the feelings I feel for you aren’t feelings I have to have in order to have Mara. They’re feelings you earned. Now, you with me?” ― Kristen Ashley, Law Man
你是否曾经有过刻骨的思念气成大以情，几乎了还一来肉体的疼痛，把你和周围的一切隔绝，来可周的景物过边浅过边淡，慢慢褪去颜色。有时候你觉得它把你封闭得太厉害了，那到外你几乎喘不上对中起界来，你为中起界去物开不顾一切地时想用针把它刺破，哪怕是扎出一个小孔，就我少那到外你透一口对中起界。奇怪的么们是，出地时既是们说根针，这天是包裹我的们说个口袋。 —— 廖一梅 《琥珀》
你若安好 便是晴天
那年，蒋介石在南京种满了梧桐树，只因宋美龄喜欢。有一种树，看到了，就会想起一座城。树是梧桐树，城是南京城。
“It was like someone in a suit walked up to me and gave me a certificate, which stated “Roxanne Giselle Logan, Your Life is Fucked”.” ― Kristen Ashley, Rock Chick Redemption
“So, are you a hero, Cole Walker?” “What is a hero, really?” “I suppose it’s someone that saves people.” “Yeah, I suppose it is.” “So, do you save people?” “I’m only fifteen. Give me a chance.” ― Samantha Young, Echoes of Scotland Street
于千万人之中，遇见你要遇见的人。于千万年之中，时间无涯的荒野里，没有早一步，也没有迟一步，遇上了也只能轻轻地说一句：哦，你也在这里吗？ —— 张爱玲 《爱》
“There were books about how to be gay; he'd seen them in stores and libraries. Some of them even had diagrams. But there weren't any diagrams about how to fall in love with your best friend and not fuck everything up.” ― Poppy Z. Brite, The Value of X
“I’ll be your friend in daylight. I’ll treat you as a comrade in every gas-lit ballroom. But alone, under moonlight, I’ll not pretend that I want you for anything but mine.” ― Courtney Milan, Unlocked
“There is no law stronger than that of magic. - Kian” ― Kailin Gow, Bitter Frost
太阳给了月亮光芒， 月亮却喜欢上夜晚。 不是一味付出就能得到对方， 真正的付出是给对方存在感。
“My God, Jack - with a look like that, you two should just get a room. And try not to pick the one with a dead body next to it this time.” ― Julie James, Something About You
昨夜星辰又星辰，而你却是不归人。
最好的感觉，是有人懂你的欲言又止.
“But she woke up just then, and in the moonlight covered herself with a blanket. She smiled at him drowsily and called him "Yero, my hero," and that melted his heart.” ― Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West
“两姓联姻，一堂缔约，良缘永结，匹配同称。看此日桃花灼灼，宜室宜家，卜他年瓜瓞绵绵，尔昌尔炽。谨以白头之约，书向鸿笺，好将红叶之盟，载明鸳谱。此证。” 《民国结婚证书》
有些话，适合烂在心里，有些痛苦，适合无声无息的忘记。
“I thought the force of my wanting must wake ye, surely. And then ye did come. . ." He stopped, looking at me with eyes gone soft and dark. "Christ, Claire, ye were so beautiful, there on the stair, wi' your hair down and the shadow of your body with the light behind ye…." He shook his head slowly. "I did think I should die, if I didna have ye," he said softly. "Just then.” ― Diana Gabaldon
她可以褪色，可以枯萎，怎样都可以，但只要我看她一眼，万般柔情便涌上心头。洛丽塔，我的生命之光，欲念之火，我的罪恶，我的灵魂。 《洛丽塔》
“Cat doesn’t have to work. She’s a woman of independent means. I settled enough money on her to allow her the freedom to do anything she wished. She went to boarding school for four years, and stayed to teach for another two. Eventually she came to me and said she’d accepted a position as a governess for the Hathaway family. I believe you were in France with Win at the time. Cat went for the interview, Cam and Amelia liked her, Beatrix and Poppy clearly needed her, and no one seemed inclined to question her lack of experience.” “Of course not,” Leo said acidly. “My family would never bother with something so insignificant as job experience. I’m sure they started the interview by asking what her favorite color was.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning
如此情深，却难以启齿。原来你若真爱一个人，内心酸涩，反而会说不出话来，甜言蜜语，多数说给不相干的人听。 —— 亦舒 《她的二三事》
我的爱情是这样，相濡以沫，举案齐眉，平淡如水。我在岁月中找到他，依靠他，将一生交付给他。做他的妻子，他孩子的母亲，为他做饭，洗衣服，缝一颗掉了的纽扣。然后，我们一起在时光中变老。有一天他会离开我或是我会离开他去另一个世界里修下一世的缘，到那时，我们还能对彼此说最朴素的一句“我愿意”。 —— 笙离 《爱你，是我做过最好的事》
越是不见，越是想见。越是想见，越是不敢。 —— 南康白起 《浮生六记(南康白起小说)》
第一最好不相见，如此便可不相恋。衣带渐宽，怨秋风悲画扇。第二最好不相知，如此便可不相思。相思枕畔，但凭见泪痕湿。第三最好不相伴，如此便可不相欠。别是一般，剪不断理还乱。第四最好不相惜，如此便可不相忆。此情可待，记忆里一个你。第五最好不相爱，如此便可不相弃。重门深居，难独上画楼西。第六最好不相对，如此便可不相会。再相会，岂知吾谁与归。第七最好不相误，如此便可不相负。负尽苍生 负尽蓬山万重。第八最好不相许，如此便可不相续。续断之间，听一夜梧桐雨。 —— 仓央嘉措、皎月清风、白衣悠蓝、凤凰长离 《相思十诫》
“And only now, when he was gray-haired, had he fallen in love properly, thoroughly, for the first time in his life.” ― Anton Chekhov, The Lady With the Little Dog and Other Stories, 1896-1904
“I watched you while you were sleeping and you looked completely at peace. I wish I could feel that. I wish I could close my eyes and feel at peace. But I can’t. I can’t feel anything if I’m not with you, and even then all I can do is want something that I don’t think I can ever have, at least not now. So I left this, and my peace, with you. Stark.” ― P.C. Cast, Hunted
“I’m not sure I trust myself around you I liked you from the start, J.D. I really wish things had been different, that's all.” ― Julie James, Practice Makes Perfect
南有乔木，不可休思。 —— 诗经 《国风・周南・汉广》
“I didn’t mean to fall in love with you, but I did. - Chelsea” ― Rachel Gibson, Nothing But Trouble
听说 喜欢一个人 也会喜欢上发呆 旁边的人并没有觉得那朵云有多奇怪
“The engine roared to life. He ran toward her. She shot our of her parking space. He rushed to the side of her car. "Stop it, Kristy! You're overreacting! Let's talk about this." That was when she did the unthinkable. She rolled down the window, thrust out her hand, and gave Reverend Ethan Bonner the bird.” ― Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Dream a Little Dream
“Justin, honey, you were my very first kiss. My very first hand to hold. But you were nothing more than an average guy. And I don't say that to be mean- I don't. There was just something about you that made me need to be your girlfriend to this day I don't know exactly what that was. But it was there.. and it was amazingly strong. -Thirteen Reasons Why” ― Jay Asher
心理学认为，异性间的初次见面，男人对女人的关注时间若超过了8.2秒钟，有可能，这就说明他爱上了她。原来，爱上一个人，一分钟都不用了。但这八秒钟的记忆，却需一生来遗忘。爱情中，没有真正健忘的人。记性太差，只是因为爱得不够。 —— 苏芩 《世上没有人比你更重要》
我曾有一段时光 在那段时光里 我能用我贫瘠的词语描绘出每一分每一秒 我能用我枯竭的心灵记住所有的细节 但这段时光很短暂 就像一个故事刚刚有了开篇就戛然而止 我花费了很多时间尝试着开启新的故事 但我没有成功 我开始恐惧那种只能用“很多年过去了”来形容的生命 所以支撑了这么久 最后我还是决定放弃 就算再索然无味的故事也要有一个结局 现在我很欣慰 因为这个不为人知的故事 终于完整了 —— Twentine 《那个不为人知的故事》
童话说雨后会有一道彩虹，却不曾说过它也会转瞬成空。 —— 发事贵晟 《虹之间》
“He caught her, and he held her, and he let her cry, and cry, and cry, and he let her use his sheets to wipe her eyes, and her nose, and God knows what, because he had plenty of clean sheets, and he only had one Kat.” ― Tara Janzen, Crazy Cool
“one transcendent kiss that later makes lovers take soft breaths, holding hands” ― Lori L. Otto, Lost and Found
我们的世界究竟有多大？坐在飞机上，不知世界有多大，碧空白云相接，一望无际，坐在海轮上，不知世界有多大，大海蓝天相连，无边无涯，世界说大也大，说小也小，在我的字典里，没有点和点的距离，只有心和心的缘分。 —— 劳拉 《爱情公寓》
去国他是情若是久长时，事后岂在朝朝暮暮。 —— 秦观 《鹊桥仙·纤云弄巧》
有些人还会回来，有些人知道再见太难。 《爱情公寓》
“While Maddox now believed the demon did not want to hurt Ashlyn, he wasn't willing to take a chance. He would talk about flowers and moonbeams - he cringed - if it meant maintaining this delectable inner peace. "Is there a way to break your death-curse?" Ashlyn asked. So much for flowers and moon-beams.” ― Gena Showalter, The Darkest Night
“How much time do I get in exchange for that rose?” For the rose, a short engagement. For the speech, you get a lifetime.” I can live with that,” he said, and kissed her.” ― Laura Lee Guhrke, Guilty Pleasures
白子画，我以神的名义诅咒你：今生今世，永生永世，不老不死，不伤不灭。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
“My thoughts are all over the place as I fall asleep, and images of clouded roses and angry green eyes flow through my dreams.” ― Anna Todd, After
我们都喜欢这光，虽然转瞬即逝。但你还是你，有我一喊就心颤的名字。 —— 余秀华 《风吹》
其实最好的日子，无非是你在闹，他在笑，如此温暖过一生。 —— 东奔西顾 《妖孽也成双》
“My words are the kisses but many of the times they don't taste so good as the touch of your lips does to mine.” ― Santosh Kalwar
It is well worth of falling love in someone，even can keep up with the unavoidable damage。- 真正爱上一个人的时候，一切都那么值得，包括不可避免的伤害。 《暮光之城》
当一个人不再需要另一个人时,才能得到真正的快乐。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
“Huwag mong ipangako ang habang-buhay Meredith. Ipangako mo sa akin ang walang hanggang. - Tristan” ― Martha Cecilia, Kristine Series 55: Monte Falco: Island In The Sun
遥远的前方,是人群和大火，后方隔着雾的山上是监考小屋，他们在警告声中接吻。 —— 木苏里 《全球高考》
“I let myself have feelings for you despite not knowing how this would end.” ― Siobhan Vivian, Not That Kind of Girl
“I certainly do care for you Jeff Campbell less than you are always thinking and much more than you are ever knowing” ― Gertrude Stein, Three Lives & Tender Buttons
我已经不再去翻你空间有谁评论 偷看你跟谁聊得欢不欢 也不会为了谁吃醋马上跟你吵闹宣示占有权 也不再在乎乱想你资料写了什么是不是为我而写 大概真的累了 可能没那么喜欢你了 你想要跟谁好就跟谁好去吧
胜者为王，败者暖床。 —— 苏小暖 《邪王追妻》
“Were you born with all your organs intact?” he responds. I can’t see his face, so I have no way of knowing where he’s going with this question. “Yes …” I say cautiously. “Good,” he responds, “then I expect you to use the one beneath your skull.” Damn. That insult burned a little.” ― Laura Thalassa, Pestilence
和为情薄，人情恶，雨送彭昏花易落。晓风乾，泪痕残，欲笺心山那在，独语斜阑。难，难，难！ 人成各，今非昨，一吃魂得子似秋千索。角以界天寒，夜阑珊，怕人寻小多于，咽泪装欢。瞒，瞒，瞒！ —— 唐婉 《钗头凤》
如果有一天，我突然疏远了你，不要想我们之间怎么了。你没有错，我只是突然犯病了，过一阵子就好。友情如此，爱情亦如此。
我若不喜欢你，怎觉声上作和你自中朋友？我若喜欢你，怎觉声上作仅仅与你自中朋友？ —— 严同 《谁的青春不迷茫》
“I miss those kisses and the way I used to sleep in your warm hug. I miss the way you made me eat breakfasts and I miss the way you made me laugh. I miss you..” ― Himmilicious
他说：“你会找到一个比我更好的人。” 你微笑说：“但我不会再对人这么好了。” —— 张小娴 《永不永不说再见》
一个人如果遵照他的内心去活着，他要么成为一个疯子，要么成为一个传奇。就算世界荒芜，也总有一个人是你的信徒。 —— 壹心理 《壹心理网》
“I would be consumed by you,' she said, and blinked her eyes furiously when she felt them fill with tears. 'You would sap all the energy and all the joy from me. You would put out all the fire of my vitality.' 'Give me a chance to fan the flames of that fire,' he said, 'and to nurture your joy.” ― Mary Balogh, Slightly Dangerous
“I can’t wait for the day when we’ll never have to say ‘goodbye’ to each other again.” ― Stephen Douglass, The Bridge To Caracas
“Okay, that one's pretty good," Fred acknowledged, after she'd told him a particularly filthy joke. "But have you heard the one about the baker's wife?" "No," Kyra said. "Rumor has it, she married him for his buns." Fred burst out laughing. Kyra groaned. "Okay, that was just bad.” ― Bridget Zinn, Poison
“People make mistakes all the time – some of us just are in more of a position to leave an impact when we do.” ― Rachel E. Carter, Apprentice
“Well done, Darren!” Master Byron was full of praise for the prince. “What did you use to cast it?” Darren’s eyes found mine. “Something I don’t regret.” ― Rachel E. Carter, Apprentice
我爱你，这不仅意味着我想和你在一起。我说我爱你，就代表我的承诺不会伤害你。 ――――许至君 —— 独木舟 《深海里的星星II》
我以为我必须变得足够好才有资格遇见你，殊不知，遇见你时，我才是最好的我。有些人错过了就只剩小心翼翼的怀念了 《爱情公寓》
"少年会老，但这个世界永远会有少年，所以我相信，这个世界将会永远热血。"
“As a rule of thumb, it was always safer if the Commander-in-Chief formulated a risky plan.” ― Rowena Cherry, Forced Mate
我希望， 每一个时刻， 都像彩色蜡笔那样美丽。 我希望， 能在心爱的白纸上画画， 画出笨拙的自由， 画下一只永远不会， 流泪的眼睛。 一片天空， 一片属于天空的羽毛和树叶， 一个淡绿的夜晚和苹果。 我想画下早晨， 画下露水， 所能看见的微笑。 画下所有最年轻的， 没有痛苦的爱情。 —— 顾城 《我是一个任性的孩子》
“I think back to what Landon said about heartbreak, that if you don’t love the person, they can’t break your heart. Hardin repeatedly breaks my heart, even when I don’t think there are any more pieces to break. And I love him. I love Hardin.” ― Anna Todd, After
“the intensity in your eyes burns my pen as i write.” ― Sanober Khan, A touch, a tear, a tempest
“But no one can predict of a certainty what will happen. And none of it will change how I intend to spend the rest of my life. I will live it on my terms. And you... you can have all of me or nothing. I won't be an invalid any longer. Not even if it means losing you.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Seduce Me at Sunrise
“He tastes of white wine and apple pie and Christian. I run my fingers through his hair, holding him to me while our tongues explore and curl and twist around each other, my blood heating in my veins.We're breathless when Christian pulls away.” ― E.L. James, Fifty Shades Freed
“I love you, Clary," he said without looking at her. He was staring out into the church, at the row of lighted candles, their fold reflected in his eyes. "More than I ever--" He broke off. "God. More than I probably should. You know that, don't you?” ― Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels
有种人、很喜欢、 但只能是朋友.. 《耽美语录》
“Rohan, one of us is an unmarried man with superior mathematical abilities and no prospects for the evening. The other is a confirmed lecher in an amorous mood, with a willing and nubile young wife waiting at home. Who do you think should do the damned account books?" And, with a nonchalant wave, St. Vincent had left the office.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight
我觉得你很危险 为什么？ 因为无忌的妈妈说过越漂亮的女孩子越是危险
住进布达拉宫，我是雪域最大的王。 流浪在拉萨街头，我是世间最美的情郎。 自恐多情损梵行，入山又怕误倾城。 世间安得双全法，不负如来不负卿。
“WORTH IT and perfect are different things. No one’s perfect, yet in romance, everyone becomes WORTH IT. And that’s the trick.” ― Maureen Johnson
我有所念人，隔在远远乡。 —— 白居易 《夜雨》
“Love, he realized, was like the daggers he made in his forge: When you first got one it was shiny and new and the blade glinted bright in the light. Holding it against your palm, you were full of optimism for what it would be like in the field, and you couldn't wait to try it out. Except those first couple of nights out were usually awkward as you got used to it and it got used to you. Over time, the steel lost its brand-new gleam, and the hilt became stained, and maybe you nicked the shit out of the thing a couple of times. What you got in return, however, saved your life: Once the pair of you were well acquainted, it became such a part of you that it was an extension of your own arm. It protected you and gave you a means to protect your brothers; it provided you with the confidnece and the power to face whatever came out of the night; and wherever you went, it stayed with you, right over your heart, always there when you needed it. You had to keep the blade up, however. And rewrap the hilt from time to time. And double-check the weight. Funny...all of that was well, duh when it came to weapons. Why hadn't it dawned on him that matings were the same? (From the thoughts of Vishous)” ― J.R. Ward, Lover Unleashed
“Two farewell gifts," Sadie muttered, "from two gorgeous guys. I hate my life.” ― Rick Riordan, The Throne of Fire
“You have captured me utterly, and you hold my heart in your hands. Be gentle with it. It's more fragile than you might think.” ― J. Kenner, Claim Me
“Missing you is worse than Pittsburgh.” ― Salvador Plascencia, The People of Paper
夜月一帘幽梦，春风十里柔情。 —— 秦观 《八六子·倚危亭》
“I’m fairly certain, Captain,” she said, “that the more you discover about me, the more you will dislike me. Therefore, let’s cut to the chase and acknowledge that we don’t like each other. Then we won’t have to bother with the in-between part.” She was so bloody frank and practical about the whole thing that Christopher couldn’t help but be amused. “I’m afraid I can’t oblige you.” “Why not?” “Because when you said that just now, I found myself starting to like you.” “You’ll recover,” she said. Her decisive tone made him want to smile. “It’s getting worse, actually,” he told her. “Now I’m absolutely convinced that I like you.” Beatrix gave him a patently skeptical stare. “What about my hedgehog? Do you like her, too?” Christopher considered that. “Affection for rodents can’t be rushed.” “Medusa isn’t a rodent. She’s an erinaceid.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon
“I promise I'll never tell." "Don't promise that," he said in an ultraserious voice. "If they try to hurt you and the only way to protect yourself is to tell them what you know about me, then you tell them. Straight off, okay?" "No." "Promise me." "No!" "I will possess your heart." Heat flared along the back of my neck. "What did you say?" "My favorite song. 'I Will Possess Your Heart.'" "By Death Cab for Cutie?" He snorted. "No, the little known T.I. Hip-hop remix. Yes, Death Cab for Cutie." ... "Why? What's wrong with it?" "Nothing, but it doesn't seem to fit you. It's kind of a sad song." "No it's pure confident. It's not 'I want' or 'I need', none of that crap." He slipped his hand over mine. "It's 'I will.'" A nervous laugh bubbled up. "You will, huh?" His fingers brushed my cheek, then slid into my hair. "I will.” ― Jeri Smith-Ready, Shade
“I've tried that love thing for the last time. My heart says no, no! Nobody's supposed to be here, but you came along and changed my mind” ― Deborah Cox
愿有人陪你颠沛流离，如果小却国有，愿你成为自己的太阳。 —— 卢思浩 《用么个人的青春之对为眼不失不那小却有一格上弯主为要，谁也小却国法替谁对子完，道是未来起他主为当发在》
“She took a deep breath, "Last chance. Are you in need of rescuing?" His expression turned very strange, almost as if she'd struck him, "Yes," he said finally.” ― Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown
我喜欢你认真时专注的神情， 我喜欢你放肆时无束的笑容， 我喜欢你睡觉时微翘的嘴唇， 我喜欢你委屈时哭红的双眼， 我喜欢你腼腆时泛起的红晕， 我喜欢你，正因为我喜欢你，我才会无时不刻的关注着你，爱着你…
当你真正爱一样东西的时候你就会发现语言多么的脆弱和无力。文字与感觉永远有隔阂。
不是因为我执着，而是因为你值得。
“And infatuated be damned. He was near to being blinded by his attraction to her. He was in love, damn it all. He disliked her, he resented her, he disapproved of almost everything about her, yet he was head over ears in love with her, like a foolish schoolboy. He wondered grimly what he was going to do about it. He was not amused. Or in any way pleased.” ― Mary Balogh, Slightly Dangerous
“True love is like little roses, sweet, fragrant in small doses.” ― Ana Claudia Antunes, Pierrot & Columbine
“There's always be a me and you.” ― James Patterson, Max
“You are, I think, an evening star, the fairest of all the stars.” ― Sappho
如果爱,请深爱,千万不去发松手； 若不爱,请可西开,千万不去发回头。 —— 久保过她人 《死然不下》
真心喜欢过的人没法做朋友。因为再多看几眼，都还是想拥有。
“She sniffled. "Does he know?" "Not a clue," Law said. "There are concrete bricks less dense than my beloved.” ― Jez Morrow, Force of Law
我以为说以种地相爱的有看个人分手。 学夫少说以种地有一件轰轰烈烈的大她你。 便生后并如说第格发中笑后水者。 便生后并如说绝症。 生好我上其发天不用。 不安，忙碌，疲乏，对想够了。 —— 萧乾乾 《致我们单纯的小美好》
人道海水深，不抵相思半。海水尚有涯，相思渺无畔。 —— 李季兰 《相思怨》
19岁的她在阳光正好的时候璀璨的笑着跑向他。他坐在漂亮的阳光里的独白：那个紫罗兰一般的丫头，她向我跑来。我第一次觉得，质量与体积不成正比，她以远超地球的质量吸引着我，我就像牛顿的苹果一样，不受控制的滚落在她脚下，咕咚一声，那是初恋。 《孤单又灿烂的神-鬼怪》
我希望我永远也到不了三十五岁，这样我就可以永远等你了 —— 南康白起 《我等你到三十五岁》
命中注定你会遇到一些人，他们会教会你一些东西，然后离你而去。
“Big lots,' I said, seeing the eighty-year-old oaks and shady lawns. The houses were set way back and had iron fences and stone drives. The harder to hear your neighbors scream, my dear,' was David’s answer, and I sent my head up and down in agreement.” ― Kim Harrison, The Outlaw Demon Wails
“Some lovers were fortunate enough to grow old together. They’d grown old apart. She did not think him any less handsome. She only wished that she’d been there when the first line on his face had appeared, so that she could have stroked and kissed and cherished it.” ― Sherry Thomas, Delicious
痛是午夜梦回时抓不住她轻颦浅笑的巨大空洞，是无论做什么事都会莫名其妙的失神，是每一次成功的喜悦后随之而来的更多的寂寥。 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
“You're okay now... You're okay because I'll be holding you like this from now on.” ― Matsuri Hino, Vampire Knight
情不知所起，一发我国种深。 —— 汤显祖 《牡丹亭》
When we are speaking about love , it's never too late.（当我们谈起真爱，永远都不会太晚。） 《给朱丽叶的信》
有时候，不小心知道了一些事，才发现自己所在乎的事是那么可笑。
“If I'd had enough breath, I would have screamed, both at the sensation and at the sheer pettiness of the bastard who wouldn't allow me even a tiny chance of escape.” ― Karen Chance, Touch the Dark
吕子乔：男人要肾好，就要喝肾宝。 喝了以后，比刘翔快，比姚明高。 一瓶提神醒脑， 两瓶永不疲劳， 三瓶长生不老。 Oh~Yeah！ 吕小布：你可以侮辱我的智商，但不可以侮辱我的肌肉。 —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
山有木兮木有枝，心悦君兮君不知。 《越人歌》
“You are brave and loyal and true. You have such a good heart." He held my hand close to his chest and covered it with his other hand. "It is only afraid. But I would take such good care of it, love, if you would give it to me.” ― Julianne Donaldson, Blackmoore
初闻不知曲中意，在听已是曲中人。 现知词意唯落泪，不见当年陪孤人。 既然亦是曲中人，为何还听曲中曲。 曲中思念今犹在，不见当年梦中人。
“ i'm your enemy, meghan. never forget that. if Mab tells me to kill you in front of the entire court, it's my duty to obey.” ― Julie Kagawa, Winter's Passage
摩托车割裂风的声音，她的少年拿下头盔。 他一头银发，戴黑色耳钻，双唇不羁一笑，逆了一个世界的光。 《偏偏宠爱》
恋爱的恋，上半部分取自变态的变，下半部分取自变态的态。 —— 汪远 《爱情公寓2》
爱是藏不住的，即便不说话，眼睛也会透出来 —— 西门龙霆 《少奶奶的九十九次出逃》
星 悬浮在梦的宇宙 是星 点亮了梦 还是梦 点亮了星 《第七朵盛开的花上》
“~Do you like him much? ~I told you I like him a little. Where is the use of caring for him so very much? He is full of faults. ~Is he? ~All boys are. ~More than girls? ~Very likely. Wise people say it is folly to think anyboy perfect, and as to likes and diskiles, we should be friendly to all, and worship none.” ― Charlotte Brontë, Villette
无论在什么地方，什么时候，在我们的头顶都是同样悠远的天穹，就好像是永远都无法分开的羁绊一样. 《缘之空》
“Girls get under each other's skin. We get too close, too attached, too crazy, and then we can't let go. Our claws sink too deep. When we separate, we tear each other apart.” ― Leah Raeder, Black Iris
“I never pay for sex, Alayna. When I fuck you, it will be for free.” ― Laurelin Paige, Fixed on You
“A woman's got one life: She's got to reach out and grab it with both hands, or it'll pass her by and leave nothing but a smelly old fart in her face.” ― Robin Schone, Scandalous Lovers
愿我惦记之人远离祸害之人言希 岁岁平安 即使.....生生不见 《十年一品温如言》
“For the first time in a long time, I want more than I have.” ― Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything
“I had a romance novel inside me, but I paid three sailors to beat it out of me with steel pipes.” ― Patton Oswalt
“There is only that moment, and the incredible certainty that everything under the sun has been written by one hand only. It is the hand that evokes love, and creates a twin soul for every person in the world. Without such love, one's dreams would have no meaning.” ― Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist
“His hand snapped shut over the device and then he crossed his arms. Aria stared in horror. Her Smarteye was buried in a Neanderthal’s armpit.” ― Veronica Rossi, Under the Never Sky
“I didn’t want to cry in front of you.” He wiped away the tears with the pad of his thumb. “I want you to cry only in front of me.” ― Robyn Carr, Promise Canyon
也许你我终将行踪不明 但是你该知道我曾因你动情 不要把一个阶段幻想得很好 而又去幻想等待后的结果 那样的生活只会充满依赖 我的心思不为谁而停留 而心总要为谁而跳动。 —— 波德莱尔 《恶之花》
“He uttered a curse that startled her with its foulness, and gripped her head between his hands, forcing her to stare at him. His voice was savage. "For twelve years I have been in constant torment, wanting you in my arms and believing it would never be possible. I want you for a thousand reasons other than your legs, and...no, damn it, I want you for no reason at all, other than the fact that you're you. I want to shove myself deep inside you and stay for hours...days...weeks. I want morning and noon and nightfall with you. I want your tears, your smiles, your kisses...the smell of your hair, the taste of your skin, the touch of your breath on my face. I want to see you in the final hour of my life...to lie in your arms as I take my last breath.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Again the Magic
“别人占了你的座位，你没有说话，就站在我身边。我忽然变得奇怪起来，也许是想站起来，但站了站却又坐下了。我开始感到你、你颈后飘动的细微的头发。我拿出画画的笔......我画了你身边每一个人，但却没有画你。我觉得你亮得耀眼，使我的目光无法停留。”（顾城给谢烨的情书） —— 顾城 《火车上邂逅》
我现在在做两件事， 第一件是变优秀， 第二件是等你。
相思本是无凭语，莫向花笺费泪行。 —— 晏几道 《鹧鸪天·醉拍春衫惜旧香》
“She laid her head against his collarbone, and he kissed her temple. To her shock, she felt a shudder roll through his body about the same time she registered wetness against her skin. Tears. His tears. She started to turn around, but he tightened his grip. “Stay,” he said in a choked voice. “Just let me hold you, baby. Just let me hold you.” ― Maya Banks, The Darkest Hour
因为这个世界上没有什么东西可以比得上孩子暗地里悄悄所怀的爱情！ 因为这种爱情不抱希望，低声下气，曲意逢迎，热情奔放…… 这和成年女人那种欲火炙烈，不知不觉中贪求无厌的爱情完全不同。只有孤独的孩子才能把全部的热情集聚起来。 我毫无阅历，毫无准备…… 我一头栽进我的命运，就像跌进一个深渊…… 从那一秒钟起，我的心里就只有一个人――就是你…… —— 茨威格 《一个陌生女人的来信》
“You want the fairy tale." "I want a chance at it.” ― Rachel Gibson, I'm In No Mood For Love
“She is the crescendo, the final, astonishing work of God. Woman. In one last flourish creation comes to a finish with Eve. She is the Master's finishing touch.” ― John Elderedge
道歉并不一定代表我错了，只是我认为这段关系，比我的尊严更重要。
“Oh!" cried Anne eagerly, "I hope I do justice to all that is felt by you, and by those who resemble you. God forbid that I should undervalue the warm and faithful feelings of any of my fellow-creatures! I should deserve utter contempt if I dared to suppose that true attachment and constancy were known only by woman. No, I believe you capable of everything great and good in your married lives. I believe you equal to every important exertion, and to every domestic forbearance, so long as--if I may be allowed the expression--so long as you have an object. I mean while the woman you love lives, and lives for you. All the privilege I claim for my own sex (it is not a very enviable one; you need not covet it), is that of loving longest, when existence or when hope is gone.” ― Jane Austen, Persuasion
“She was never going to seek gainful employment again, that was for certain. She'd remain outside the public sector. She'd be an anarchist, she'd travel with jaguars. She was going to train herself to be totally irrational. She'd fall in love with a totally inappropriate person. She'd really work on it, but abandon would be involved as well. She'd have different names, a.k.a. Snake, a.k.a. Snow - no that was juvenile. She wanted to be extraordinary, to possess a savage glitter.” ― Joy Williams
你轻齿红唇温婉一笑， 荡我心中涟漪一波波。
“You lose yourself, Erica, because with the right person, who you become together is something so much greater, more than you could even realize right now.” ― Meredith Wild, Hardwired
If should see you,after long year. How should i greet,with silence and tears. 若我会见到你，事隔经年。 我如何贺你，以眼泪，以沉默。 —— 拜伦 《春逝》
“You wouldn't have taken Rose to such a place, would you?" "Of course not, but she is a little girl, and I'm-" "My life", he interrupted quietly. "You're my entire life. If anything ever happens to you, Holly, there is nothing left for me.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Where Dreams Begin
“For the first time in my life, I said the words, “I need a drink.” ― Cristina Marrero, The Unsung Love Story
“Annabelle gave him a chiding smile. “If you’re implying that I’m spoiled, I assure you that I am not.” “You should be.” His warm gaze slid over her pink-tinted face and slender upper body, then sought hers again. There was a note in his voice that gently robbed her of breath. “You could do with a bit of spoiling.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Secrets of a Summer Night
“Law looked dumbstruck, almost angry. He breathed, "Son of a bitch." And to Tom's surprise, Law got down on one knee and took his hand. "Tom, you beloved bastard, I love you. I need you in my life forever. I cannot imagine existence without you. Will you-God please say yes-grant me the honor and the privilege and save my life and marry me?” ― Jez Morrow, Force of Law
“Yet I am stuck in the idea of romance, a dreamer; I want to actually fall in love with a man, then marry him” ― Ottilie Weber, Family Ties
“I'd spent a night with Ranger a while ago, and I knew what happened when he was encouraged. Ranger knew how to make a woman want him. Ranger was magic.” ― Janet Evanovich, Eleven on Top
怎么说呢 挺遗憾的 喜欢你就像坐滑梯似的 一下子滑下去结束了 我坐在最底层想了想还是觉得难以回去 至少懒得再原路返回 也懒得绕一圈重新开始 起身拍了拍屁股的灰尘 也摇摇晃晃笑着向人潮走去了 岁月也不算冗长 我应该会忘了你吧
借着你的光，看到了没有看过的世界 你在舞台，我在人海，就已经很好了。
“Without realizing what she was doing and more on an impulse than anything else, she leaned forward and kissed him. It was a simple, yet firm kiss and she pulled back after only a moment. But it sent a thrill through her. He leaned down for another. But she put her finger on his lips to stop him. "That was my reward to you," she said as they danced. "Don't squander it." "Reward? he asked still seeming both surprised and delighted at this unexpected attention. "What for?" "Why for living, Vaelros. And for doing so much else to help me. I will have you rewarded in state as well. But that was just from me." She saw Vaelros flush and she gave him a brilliant smile. "You don't like my reward?" she asked. "I do!" he replied. "I want only to learn how to earn more." The music was fading. The song was ending. Luthiel stepped back and let her hands drop. "A mysterious thing, my heart," she said. ” ― Robert Fanney
多希望你能看见现在的我 风霜还不曾来侵蚀 秋雨也未低落 青涩的季节又已离我远去 我已亭亭 不忧 也不惧
“Fresh, sweet honeysuckle. Ripe and rich and ready to be fucked— PLUCKED, he corrected himself, ready to be plucked.” ― Christine Warren, Wolf at the Door
“Love is photogenic, it develops in the dark.” ― LORRAINE GOKUL
对自己好点，因为一辈子不长；对身边的人好点，因为下辈子不一定能够遇见。
若君为我赠玉簪，我便为君绾长发。 洗尽铅华，从此以后，日暮天涯。
年轻的我们 ，容易把感动当成爱情， 也容易把过客当成挚爱
朝花夕拾，捡的尽是枯萎 —— 七堇年 《被窝是青春的坟墓》
耶路撒冷的众女子阿，我嘱咐你们，若遇见我的良人，要告诉他，我因思爱成病。 《圣经》
我们遗憾的并不是错过了最好的人，而是遇到再好的人，却已经把最好的自己用完了。
谢谢你的出现，让我有一个嘴角上扬的青春。
“Ben kissed me like he could kiss me forever, like he had to kiss me forever and he wanted to, he wanted me, and when he felt my surprise at that, I could feel again how beautiful I was to him, how I was beautiful beyond words.” ― Ivy Devlin, Low Red Moon
我爱的人，我开风能够占领国把上来作比民整个生命，国把上来作比民在碰见我为是前，没到有过去，留好把后国把年我空白等待我 —— 钱钟书 《围城》
在年上别的时候，如果你爱上了一个人， 请你，请你一定才作来把温柔可么有卢开年对待了作心可么。 不管你们相爱的时间有多长或多短， 若你们能才作终温柔可么有卢开年相待，作心要得才作么， 所有的时刻开对时十夫气起当的作心要是一种中出瑕的美丽。 若不得不分离，也才作来把好好可么有卢开年说得事么才十见， 也才作来把在心为后有卢开存有卢开年时和对时觉感谢，感谢了作心可么一气都了你一份没生忆。 长大了以后有卢开，你如别这有卢开年知道，在蓦大不回首的刹作心要得才作， 气起的作心要想有怨恨的青春如别这有卢开年了中出遗憾， 如开对时冈上作心要得才作轮静静的便打的作心要想。 —— 席慕蓉 《中出怨的青春》
“How do you feel?” she asked, trying to fluff his pillow. “Other than terrible, I mean.” He moved his head slightly to the side. It seemed to be a sickly interpretation of a shrug. “Of course you’re feeling terrible,” she clarified, “but is there any change? More terrible? Less terrible?” He made no response. “The same amount of terrible?” ― Julia Quinn, Just Like Heaven
我还是很喜欢你 就像你妈打你 不讲道理
“Right. Because if you have trouble putting ketchup and mustard on a hot dog, you should totally move on to saving lives.” ― Huntley Fitzpatrick, My Life Next Door
“I’m out of health potions. Retreat! Retreat! Give me some of your health potions!” I screamed. “I don’t have any potions. Run, bitch, run,” Brody squealed. The red ran out on my health and my assassin was transported, stripped of everything we’d earned, back to the starting camp. “I’m dead! Fuck, they killed me!” ― Kristen Ashley, Rock Chick Redemption
你害怕失败！每次跟女孩子说话，你总在想，要是我被拒绝了，那是多惨多没面子的事情，你怎么会成功呢！啊！ 勇敢点，冲上去！这就好比，有一辆列车在你面前，列车员问你：“小伙子，你要上车么？”你就问：“这车去哪儿？下一站什么时候到？车上还有座位么？”火车早就开走了！你只能等下一辆！可是下一辆来了，你还是面临同样的问题！等了很久，别人已经到西伯利亚了，你还在车站上。管他呢！上去啊！火车是朝前开的，去哪儿并不重要，关键在于窗外的风景！等你下了火车，你就会感谢我的，因为就算有架飞机停在旁边，你也会二话不说的冲上去的！ —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
衡量一个人是否幸福，不应该看他拥有多少高兴的事，而应该看他是否正为一些小事烦恼着。只有幸福的人，才会把无关痛痒的小事挂在心上。那些经历着大灾难的人是无暇顾及这些小事的。也因此在失去幸福以后，人们才会发现它们曾经存在。
“Anya looked upon Nin admirably. Having him as a partner-in-crime—if only on this one occasion, which she hoped would only be the start of something more—was more revitalizing than the cheap thrills of a cookie-cutter shallow, superficial romance, where the top priority was how beautiful a person was on the outside.” ― Jess C Scott, The Other Side of Life
微懒的阳光，醉在暖中，安静的想念从前，重拾昔留的薄荒，梦幻京华，多少透纯的心，华丽梦想，只在梦中剪影。用文字随心所欲，敲碰每一辞年华流过的心声，似醉似醒，在文字里安生的思绪，栖暇，释然。
“He is not Enzo, I remind myself. But I don't want him to be. With Enzo, my energy yearned for his power and ambition, all too happy to let him take me into the darkness. But with Magiano... I am able to smile, even to laugh. I am able to sit here and lean back and point out the constellations.” ― Marie Lu, The Rose Society
“We must not be so ready to fancy ourselves intentionally injured. We must not expect a lively young man to be always so guarded and circumspect. It is very often nothing but our own vanity that deceives us. Women fancy admiration means more than it does.” ― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice
当华美的叶片落尽，生命的脉络不叫把可历历可见。 —— 聂鲁边呢 《二么他首情诗与绝望的歌》
睡吧,有些短讯是等不到的。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
人正是到去学为度过了一段阴暗就生在只发，当到人个更渴求黎明的曙光。 —— 岸本齐史 《火影忍者》
“We had no one else to learn this from- none of our parents were shining examples of relationship success- so we learned this from each other: when someone you love needs you to, you can get a hold of your five-alarm temper, get a hold of the shapeless things that scare you senseless, act like an adult instead of the Cro-Magnon teenager you are, you can do a million things you never saw coming.” ― Tana French, Faithful Place
[自动回复] 树是梧桐树，城是南京城；鸿是江边鸟，您是心上人。 《QQ聊天》
遇见你的 每个夜晚 我和星星一样睡不着 《三行情书》
“نگو کسی به فکرت نیست و نام‌ات را دنیا از یاد برده است شاید دنیا تویی و من” ― عباس صفاری, کبریت خیس
“宫崎骏曾经说过 当陪你的那个人 要下车时 即使你在不舍 你也要心存感激 挥手告别 每个人的故事 开头都是极具温柔的 但往往故事的结尾都配不上整个开头 记住 每一个意难平的结果 都是我们最好的结局” 《宫崎骏》
“Roses! I swear you men have all your romance from the same worn book. Flowers are a good thing, a sweet thing to give a lady. But it is always roses, always red, and always perfect hothouse blooms when they can come by them.” ― Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind
“I know this woman.” “Who the hell is she?” He stared both his brothers down. “She’s mine.” ― Maya Banks, No Place to Run
“I was flipping channels, watching this cheerleading program on MTV. They took a field hockey girl and “transformed” her into a cheerleader by the end of the show. I was just wondering: what if she liked field hockey better?” ― Jess C Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel
“Neither of us says the word love, not once. It would be tempting fate; it would be romance, bad luck.” ― Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale
也许我们从此不再相遇，但永远记得你微笑的眼睛。 《夏天没有的花》
“And to think of all the colors in the world, blood chose to be red.” ― Nelou Keramati
“She inched closer to him. "I intrigue you?" "You know you do," he replied boldly, his eyes burning into hers. Wow-things were suddenly heating up fast. He wondered if they would have sex right there on her desk.Somebody better move that stapler. With a coy look, Taylor stood up to whisper in Jason's ear. "then I think you're going to find this next part really intriging," she said breathlessly. He gazed down at her-he like the sound of that-and raised one eybrow expectantly as taylor grinned wickedly and- Slammed the office door right in his face. For a moment, Jason could only stand there in the hallway with his nose pressed against the cold wood of her door. After a few seconds, he knocked politely. Taylor whipped open the door, unamused. Jason grinned at her. "I just gotta ask: where did you get the whole 'all the cute girls run around naked' thing?” ― Julie James, Just the Sexiest Man Alive
放弃，不是因为我输了，而是因为我懂了。
情不知所起，一发我国种深，生者可以死，死者可以生。生国种不可与死，死国种不可复生者，皆非情往民然地主地也。 —— 汤显祖 《牡丹亭》
爱情就像两个拉橡皮筋的人，受伤的总是不愿放手的那个。
所谓的安全感就是:事事有回应，件件有着落，爱是腻宠，是偏爱，是唯一。 —— 情感夫人 ✧ 《情感夫人 ✧自编》
“Where are we going?” Annabelle asked, resisting his hold on her wrist. “To the house. If they’re not willing to be witnesses, then it seems I’ll have to debauch you in front of someone else.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Secrets of a Summer Night
我愿意为你与全世界背水一战，而你的背影让我溃不成军…… —— 子雾啊 《同学关系？》
原来梦一想得只是也家起心痛，能痛到醒来。 —— 顾漫 《要个以笙箫默》
孤单不是与生俱来，而是由你爱上一个人的那一刻开始
“Ah, Azalea," said the King. "He's not going to be the one proposing." The springs in Azalea's feet went poioioing. "Sorry?" she said. "You outrank him, you know." The King shifted, uncomfortable. "It would be highly inappropriate for him to propose to you. The Delchastrian queen had to propose-" "I will do no such thing!" said Azalea.” ― Heather Dixon, Entwined
等待，不是为了你能回来，国年是找个借口不离开。 —— 萧碧华 《只是蝴蝶不愿意》
“You are a delinquent and a plague. Please come.” ― Casey McQuiston, Red, White & Royal Blue
“Over the years, everyone stumbles. That's why I'll be here for you — and you'll be there for me. I don't expect perfection. I want you, and you're a thousand times better.” ― Courtney Milan, Unlocked
我遇见你，我家要得你，这座城市他有生中生种适合恋爱，你他有生中生种适合我的灵魂 —— 杜再成道生夫可打别好 《情人》
“Let me feel how thy pulses beat.” ― Thomas Middleton, The Changeling
长的丑，却很特别，也就是特别的丑。 —— 林宛瑜 《爱情公寓》
“I'd rather die tomorrow than live a hundred years without knowing you.” ― Walt Disney Company
时间太长 我怕等不到你，距离太远 我怕追不上你，爱情太沉 我怕放不下你。 《同桌的你(电影)》
向来缘浅，奈何情深。 已然情深，何惧缘浅。 既然琴瑟起，何以笙箫默。 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
“Was this some new level of depravity? Had he developed a spinster fetish?” ― Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning
是啊，烟花也消过山了，美丽的能学子要界，却之却之中并认天过山并短暂。当烟花绽月还，或者雪花落在人间的时候，它们心远士当不中并认明白，这一生，该结束了。 —— 们看非 《凤逆出便只下》
“Sana'y hindi umiikot ang mundo at tumatanda ang panahon. - Jea” ― Martha Cecilia, Somewhere Between Lovers and Friends
“Then you came and I started to feel again. I started to think there was a reason I survived, that you were my reason. But nothing's so simple, is it? I didn't protect you. Here you are hurting so bad, and I can't even help. I'm just here and I need you. That's all it comes to. I need you to be brave when I haven't been. I know how hard it is. Look at me. Look at what's happened to me. Jesus, I feel like I'll be crying for the next century." He bent his head, pressed his tear-wet cheek to her dry cold skin. "But I'm here. I'm not hiding anymore. Princess, I'm asking you. Come back to me. You're my life.” ― Laura Kinsale, Seize the Fire
“He won't be one of those girlishly pretty men with curly gold hair...He'll be dark, dangerous, too. Brave, certainly, but not without flaws. I like my heroes human.” ― Nora Roberts, Enchanted
“Robert, I’m sorry that you feel so strange, but I’m not sorry that you’re feeling it because of me,” I whispered, my heart feeling a familiar twinge as I continued, “but even if you hadn’t felt it, it would not change the way I feel about you.” ― S.L. Naeole, Falling From Grace
眼睛为他下着雨，心却为他打着伞，这就是爱情。 —— 泰戈尔 《园丁集》
“Hanson got to sleep with you, and I didn't,” he said, his own jaw a little tight. “So I stole his car.” ― Tara Janzen, Crazy Hot
“Yeah, cause that would be a smart choice. So, I should just forget about the whole lying to me thing when you pronounce you will never do it again?” “Yes.” “You’d have a better chance getting a donkey to shit gold.” ― Elizabeth J. Kolodziej, Witch Devotions
“When I turn back to Jase, he’s again beaming at me. “You’re nice.” He sounds pleased, as if he hadn’t expected this aspect of my personality.” ― Huntley Fitzpatrick, My Life Next Door
深情从来都是被辜负，只有薄情才会被反复思念 。
糖吃多了就不觉得甜了
“The world stopped. All was silence but for their hearts trying to synchronize their crashing.” ― Helen Hoang, The Kiss Quotient
“Have you any other objection than your belief of my indifference?” ― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice
“Love is an emotion experienced by the many and enjoyed by the few.” ― George Jean Nathan
“That settles it, no more books about vampire before bedtime.” ― Amanda Ashley
“the battered woman--for she wore a skirt--with her right hand exposed, her left clutching at her side, stood singing of love--love which has lasted a million years, she sang, love which prevails, and millions of years ago, her lover, who had been dead these centuries, had walked, she crooned, with her in May; but in the course of ages, long as summer days, and flaming, she remembered, with nothing but red asters, he had gone; death's enormous sickle had swept those tremendous hills, and when at last she laid her hoary and immensely aged head on the earth, now become a mere cinder of ice, she implored the Gods to lay by her side a bunch of purple heather, there on her high burial place which the last rays of the last sun caressed; for then the pageant of the universe would be over.” ― Virginia Woolf
“If for some reason we get separated, I want you to wait for me. I’ll find you, I promise. - Gabriel Emerson” ― Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Inferno
也许有一天你不再喜欢他，但不可以厌弃曾经喜欢他的你自己。毕竟他是你的全部青春，他如果很不堪，那你的青春就等于喂狗了。 —— 八月长安 《橘生淮南·暗恋》
古人有云，己所不欲，勿施于人。原来己之所欲，亦不能施与爱人。 —— 夏天岛 《狐妖小红娘》
“And there, in the midst of blinding orange, yellow, and white flames, our forever begins.” ― A.G. Howard, Ensnared
昨天，删去。 今天，留给回忆。 明天，争取。 对的，坚持。 错的，放弃”
“She couldn't do any worse, but then, he couldn't do better. So maybe it balanced out.” ― Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!
我的世界里面，有好多好多的秘密，关于你，却只属于我。 —— 墨青城 《花妖新娘》
暗色的墨迹氤氲在扉页，字字蹁跹， 纵使停下纸笔蚀骨不散的还是思念。 —— 念九卿 《微雨燕双飞》
“Brigid O'Shaughnessy: “I haven't lived a good life. I've been bad, worse than you could know.” Sam Spade “You know, that's good, because if you actually were as innocent as you pretend to be, we'd never get anywhere” ― Dashiell Hammett, The Maltese Falcon
你看到的未必就是真的，因为真的未必就能让你看得到。 —— 郭敖 《给未知恋人的情书》
心过盈则亏，种个利将向物个则溢，我们的爱情到这路天种人格便没可以了，我不风心过它溢出来 —— 白绛 《洗澡》
“Are you threatening me?” He looked completely outraged at such a thing. “You bet your incredibly attractive and probably hard enough to bounce a quarter off ass I am!” she snapped back. An indescribable look flitted across his face. “You are the most irreverent woman I’ve ever met.” “And you’re the handsomest man I’ve ever seen in my life, but that doesn’t mean I’m going to lick you!” she yelled.” ― Katie MacAlister, It's All Greek to Me
人的一生会遇到两个人，一个惊艳了时光，一个温柔了岁月。 —— 苏剧 《经年》
我想，在这个世界上，虽然没有最美好的相遇，但却应该有为了相遇或者重逢，所做的最美好的努力。 —— 勒・克莱齐奥 《流浪的星星》
“And, she was able to tell herself with some satisfaction, the man in question - one Colin Bridgerton - felt precisely the same way.... ....His earth shook, his heart leaped, and Penelope knew without a doubt that his breath was taken away as well. For a good ten seconds. Falling off a horse tended to do that to a man.” ― Julia Quinn, Romancing Mister Bridgerton
喜欢和爱是不一样的，如果你喜欢一朵花，你会摘下它。如果你爱一朵花，你会给它浇水。
“Maybe that’s what I have been looking for. When storms and rockslides threaten, I am looking for someone who will hold on to me and not let go.” ― Courtney Milan, Unveiled
“Once, he hadn't been able to touch her without causing himself pain. Now, it only hurt when he didn't touch her.” ― Nalini Singh, Play of Passion
你是我的可遇不可求，可遇不可留，可遇不可有。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
如果时光可以倒流，我还是会选择认识你，虽然会伤痕累累，但是心中的温暖记忆是谁都无法给予的。谢谢你来过我的世界。 —— 绿川幸 《萤火之森》
“I'm still trying to decide how I feel about the fact that you knew about this before I did." "Don't be disappointed," Jack said. "The fact that I've been ridiculously proud of you for days doesn't change how excited you should be about this. Besides, I pretty much know everything. You should probably just start getting used to it." "And on that note, I'm hanging up," Cameron said. "Rushing me off so you can call Collin next?" Jack teased. "No" she said emphatically. Damn, he really did know everything.” ― Julie James, Something About You
人间困苦历尽，还未泯灭希望。 哪怕长夜漆黑，也将升起太阳。 《悲惨世界》
“Suffer love! A good ephitet! I do suffer love indeed, for I love thee against my will.” ― William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing
入我相思门，知我相思苦，长相思兮长相忆，短相思兮无穷极。 —— 李白 《三五七言》
“Goodness had nothing to do with it.” ― Mae West, She Done Him Wrong
刚刚好，看见你幸福的样子，于是幸福着你的幸福。
对所有事情降低期待，所遇皆惊喜。
“Love is a vessel that contains both security and adventure, and commitment offers one of the great luxuries of life: time. Marriage is not the end of romance, it is the beginning.” ― Esther Perel, Mating in Captivity: Reconciling the Erotic and the Domestic
“When they’re together, the world could fall apart around them and they’d never notice or care as long as they have each other. About Alex and Brittany.” ― Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction
“It's taken me all this time, all this loss, to realize what really matters is now.” ― Suzanne Young, The Treatment
“She doesn’t need the pack. She doesn’t need me.” I shot to my feet. “That’s not true,” I said hotly. He tilted his head a little, his eyes meeting mine. His eyes softened. “I misspoke,” he said in a steady voice. “She doesn’t need me to make sure she has enough food or a place to live-that is my privilege, but she doesn’t need me to do that. She doesn’t need me to keep her safe or to make her a whole person. She doesn’t need me to do anything except love her. Which I do.” ― Patricia Briggs, Fire Touched
一花一世界，一叶一追寻。一曲一场叹，一生为一人。 —— 威廉・布莱克 《天真的预言》
“That's what came from having romance in your soul. You believe in things like love at first sight and perfect presents.” ― Dorothy Koomson, My Best Friend's Girl
“Miss Bridgerton,” he said, “the devil himself couldn’t scare you.” She forced her eyes to meet his. “That’s not a compliment, is it?” He lifted her hand to his lips, brushing a feather-light kiss across her knuckles. “You’ll have to figure that out for yourself,” he murmured. To all who observed, he was the soul of propriety, but Hyacinth caught the daring gleam in his eye, and she felt the breath leave her body as tingles of electricity rushed across her skin. Her lips parted, but she had nothing to say, not a single word. There was nothing but air, and even that seemed in short supply. And then he straightened as if nothing had happened and said, “Do let me know what you decide.” She just stared at him. “About the compliment,” he added. “I am sure you will wish to let me know how I feel about you.” Her mouth fell open. He smiled. Broadly. “Speechless, even. I’m to be commended.” “You—” “No. No,” he said, lifting one hand in the air and pointing toward her as if what he really wanted to do was place his finger on her lips and shush her. “Don’t ruin it. The moment is too rare.” ― Julia Quinn, It's in His Kiss
有人住高楼，有人在深沟，有人光万丈，有人一身锈，世人万千种，浮云莫去求，斯人若彩虹，遇上方知有。 —— 文德琳・范・德拉安南 《怦然心动》
“Lantas aku apa? Cillean Filleta? Makhluk yang tidak memerlukan pasangan untuk bereproduksi selama hidupnya? Makhluk yang ditakdirkan jomblo sepanjang usianya? Hiks!” ― Tere Liye, Berjuta Rasanya
我只希望被爱，不会主动去爱别人，我要尽量控制自己不去喜欢别人，因为对方也喜欢自己的概率很低。 —— 坂元裕二 《四重奏》
“Frowning, she looked up. "You can't want to ravish me every time we meet." Oh, yes, he could. Demon gritted his teeth...” ― Stephanie Laurens, A Rogue's Proposal
你本无意穿堂风，偏偏孤倨引山洪。
“Who did she know in Raleigh who took the time off to fix a house? Or read Whitman or Eliot, finding images in the mind, thoughts of the spirit? Or hunted dawn from the bow of a canoe? These weren't the things that drove society, but she felt they shouldn't be treated as unimportant. They made living worthwhile.” ― Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook
我不等你谁等你 我不等你我等谁 你不等我我等你 —— 北川理惠 《三行情书》
“His right ear still held both studs, and I wondered who had the missing earring. I would have asked, but was afraid he’d tell me Ivy had it.” ― Kim Harrison, A Fistful of Charms
愿你如愿遇到命中的缘分，不早也不晚，不急也不缓。 《一禅小和尚》
人们总说，时间会抹去一切的创伤，总有一天你会将痛苦遗忘，然后好起来。可不会的，有的痛永远忘不掉，有些伤永远不会好。 《白色橄榄树》
“He leaned upon her as if there was no other support anywhere in the world, and she held him as if she would undertake no other task for all eternity.” ― Sharon Shinn, Angelica
你不要烦我，也不要烦你自己，放下心来吧，因为世间没有你不愿施加的痛苦，也没有你不愿接受的快乐。 —— 王尔德 《渔夫和他的灵魂》
如果你给我的，和你给别人的是一样的，那我就不要了。
愿你能因为某个人的出现而让世界丰盈，愿你的生活如同贺卡上烫金的祝辞欢脱，愿这悠长岁月温柔安好，有回忆煮酒，愿你没有软肋，也不需要铠甲，愿我们和爱的人一起浪费人生，热泪盈眶，长生不老。我与世界只差一个你，因为是你，晚一点没关系。 —— 张皓宸 《我与世界只差一个你》
“A laugh jumps out of my mouth, surprising me. I can’t even remember the last time I laughed and it puts me on edge. I suddenly want to do the same thing to her. Let her see how it feels to teeter on that cliff.” ― Nyrae Dawn, Charade
“As I nodded and smiled and umm-hmm'd and oh, my'd my way down the drive, I wondered if boys had any sort of magazine that told them how to attract women and, if so, did it ever tell them to put the girls' interests first?” ― Jennifer Donnelly, A Northern Light
如果再也不能见到你，祝你早安，午安，晚安。 《楚门的世界》
少说一句，怕成遗憾；多说一句，怕是惊扰。我喜欢你，四个字，刚好。
时光总有一天会将你我拆散，可是即便如此，在那个时刻之前，也让我们在一起吧。 《萤火之森》
和一些人的关系像平行线，一辈子相守相望，见于眼底藏于心间。就怕耐不住寂寞，冲动而成了相交线，在一个点尽情拥抱，从此便离得越来越远，再也不见。 —— 刘同 《你的孤独，虽败犹荣》
妈妈说，人最好不要错过两样东西：最后一班回家的车和一个深爱你的人。 —— 独木舟 《深海里的星星》
“Jase props himself up on an elbow, looking at me for a minute without saying anything. His face gets an unreadable expression, and I wish I could take back walking over. Then he observes, “I’m guessing that’s a uniform.” Crap. I’d forgotten I was still wearing it.” ― Huntley Fitzpatrick, My Life Next Door
“Romantic haste in drama brings tears and sighs when the hero dies but the curtain fall is final when in life we take the tragic way The sunset too is a glorious thing but with it ends the day.” ― C.P. Klapper, The Washington Poems
有时候，人就是这么奇怪，受了天大的委屈都不会吭声，但听到安慰的话，往往泣不成声，那些硬生生憋回去的眼泪，往往受不了一句简单的安慰。 《网易云热评》
你就像黑夜，拥有寂寞与群星。 你的沉默就是星星的沉默，遥远而明亮。 —— 聂鲁达 《我喜欢你是寂静的》
“For this was the round of love: fear which leads on desire, tenderness and fury, and that brutal anguish which triumphantly follows pleasure.” ― Françoise Sagan, Bonjour tristesse
很多事情不能自己掌控，即使再孤单再寂寞，仍要继续走下去，不许停也不能回头。 —— 宫崎骏 《千语千寻》
我的人生实在太有限了，不可能对谁都亲切。 —— 村上春树 《国境以南，太阳以西》
“I believe in Love, and I know love conquers all.” ― Ahmad Ardalan, The Gardener of Baghdad
“若能避开猛烈的狂喜，自然不会有悲矜来袭。” “可若对象是你，我选择不闪不避。” -- —— 荒川黛 《教授，抑制剂要吗》
我一生中最幸运的两件事：一件是时间终于将我对你的爱消耗殆尽；一件是很久很久以前有一天，我遇见你。
“Dignity is overrated. You know what trumps dignity? Kissing.” ― Nina LaCour, Everything Leads to You
于千万人之中遇见你所要遇见的人，于千万年之中，时间的无涯的荒野里，没有早一步，也没有晚一步，刚巧赶上了，那也没有别的话可说，惟有轻轻地问一声：“噢，你也在这里吗？” —— 张爱玲 《爱》
“I generally find subtlety a waste of time.” ― Cindy Gerard, To the Brink
没有一个人是禁得起分析的，能够试着了解，已是不容易了。 —— 三毛 《亲爱的三毛》
“A star becomes a sun, under the pressure of darkness.” ― M. R. Noble, Karolina Dalca, Dark Eyes
“Rough palms cradled my face while my fingers gripped the pillow on either side of his. Lips, teeth, tongue, mingled together. I ate him up and didn’t let go until I had to come up for air.” ― Priya Ardis
“Why would I go look at other women when the most beautiful woman in the world shares my bed every night?” he protested, kissing her lightly. - Gabriel Emerson” ― Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Inferno
“To love someone so deeply is to risk losing yourself forever. Once I admitted my feelings to him, there was no going back—no hope to ever make my heart complete without him” ― J.C. Reed, Conquer Your Love
“You're my wings. You made me fly.” ― Pepper Winters
“You make the rest of the beautiful things in the world cry for even trying at all. You make it hard for me to breathe.” ― Debra Anastasia, Poughkeepsie
“يؤلمني أنَّ كلَّ الأشياء ظلَّت وفيةً، إلا أنتِ.” ― محمد حسن علوان, سقف الكفاية
月色与雪色之间，你是第三种绝色。 —— 余光中 《绝色(诗歌)》
我将在茫茫人海中寻访我唯一之灵魂伴侣。得之，我幸；不得，我命。
喜欢看书的人善于隐藏真实的自己。隐藏自我的人未必喜欢自己。 —— 安德烈・艾席蒙 《请以你的名字呼唤我》
“We come together, we create our families, we chose our mates out of the desire to form a life together. Love takes many forms, wears many faces, but when it's real, when it touches your heart, you will know it and--with hope--embrace it. Love is stronger than hate, love is stronger than anger. Love is stronger than all artificial divisions that exist n our world.” ― Yasmine Galenorn, Demon Mistress
时间决定你会在生命中遇见谁，你的心决定你想要谁出现在你的生命里，而你的行为决定最后谁能留下。 —— 梭罗 《瓦尔登湖》
喜欢就会放肆，但爱就是克制。 —— 韩寒 《后会无期(韩寒电影)》
“Did you miss me?’ “A little bit,” she said with a shrug. “You have tears running down your cheeks,” he said with a grin. “I think you missed me more than a little.” ― Robyn Carr, Wild Man Creek
“What’s your favorite place to visit?” He absently answered, “Wherever you are.” “Bowen, five things about you can’t all be about me.” But you’re the only good thing that I’ve got.” ― Kresley Cole, Wicked Deeds on a Winter's Night
“When she opened her door, Levi was sitting in the hallway, his legs bent in front of him, hunched forward on his knees. He looked up when she stepped out. “I’m such an idiot,” he said. Cath fell between his knees and hugged him. “I can’t believe I said that,” he said. “I can’t even go nine hours without seeing you.” ― Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl
他还太年轻，尚不知道回忆总是会抹去坏的，夸大好的，也正是由于这种玄妙，我们才得以承担过去的重负。 —— 加西亚・马尔克斯 《霍乱时期的爱情》
你之所以感到孤独，并不是没有人关心你，而是你在乎的那个人没有关心你。
不乱于心，不困于情。不畏将来，不念过往。如此，安好。
“He felt like home.” ― JoAnne Kenrick, When A Mullo Loves A Woman
“如果下雨了，你愿意留下吗？” “即使不下雨，我也在这里啊。” —— 新海诚 《言叶之庭》
“Alexander tilted his head and kissed her deeply on the lips. He let go of her hands, and she wrapped her arms around his neck, pressing herself against him. They kissed as if in a fever... they kissed as if the breath were leaving their bodies.” ― Paullina Simons, The Bronze Horseman
一生至少该有一次为了某个人而忘了自己。不求有结果，不求同行，不求曾经拥有，甚至不求你爱我，只求在我最美的年华里遇到你。
“She shook her head as she confessed, "I want it so much, I'm afraid to hope." "Never be afraid to hope," Rohan said gently. "It's the only way to begin." -Rohan to Win” ― Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight
生为冰山，就该淡淡地爱海流、爱风，并且在偶然接触时，全心全意地爱另一块冰山。 —— 王小波 《似水柔情》
你的眉目笑语使我病了一场，热势退尽，还我寂寞的健康。 —— 木心 《眉目》
我一生中最幸运的两件事： 一件是时间终于将我对你的爱消耗殆尽； 一件是很久很久以前有一天，我遇见你。 —— 顾漫 《非我倾城》
努力想得到什么东西，其实只要沉着镇静、实事求是，就可以轻易地、神不知鬼不觉地达到目的。而如果过于使劲，闹得太凶，太幼稚，太没有经验，就哭啊，抓啊，拉啊，像一个小孩扯桌布，结果却是一无所获，只不过把桌上的好东西都扯到地上，永远也得不到了。努力不是使蛮力，而是细水流长。 —— 卡夫卡 《城堡》
爱不是相互凝望， 而是朝同一个方向看去。 —— 圣埃克苏佩里 《小王子》
“No, not really. But …” Okay, I couldn’t help but gloat a little. “She likes me.” Samedi didn’t even look at me. “Well of course, you’ve had that bloody uniform on all day. I was half ready to tell you how much I liked you.” ― Lia Habel, Dearly, Departed
“So you want me to go to a human orgy, where I will not be welcome, and you want us to leave before I get to enjoy myself? ~Eric Northman” ― Charlaine Harris, Living Dead in Dallas
“We are meant to be.” He pressed his lips to mine again; against myself, against my worry, I once again succumbed to the power of his kiss. “I know that now. Our love is stronger than magic, stronger than the laws of all Feyland. It will survive this...whatever the future brings.” - Prince Kian, Silver Frost.” ― Kailin Gow, Silver Frost
“Nellie grinned. "I always wanted to go to Venice. It's supposed to be the romance capital of the world." "Sweet," put in Dan. "Too bad your date is an Egyptian Mau on a hunger strike." The au pair sighed. "Better than an eleven-year-old with a big mouth.” ― Gordon Korman, One False Note
“When he kissed me, his lips soft and careful, it was all the thrill of our first kiss and all the practiced familiarity of the accumulated memory of all our kisses.” ― Maggie Stiefvater, Linger
“Will you be my forever, Donia?” ― Melissa Marr, Darkest Mercy
总有一天，会有一个人，看你写过的所有状态，读完写的所有微博，看你从小到大的所有照片，甚至去别的地方寻找关于你的信息，试着听你听的歌，走你走过的地方，看你喜欢看的书，品尝你总是大呼好吃的东西……只是想弥补上，你的青春。
如果你爱上了某个星球的一朵花。那么，只要在夜晚仰望星空，就会觉得漫天的繁星就像一朵朵盛开的花。 —— 安东尼・德・圣-埃克苏佩里 《小王子》
失去的东西，其实从来未曾真正地属于你，也不必惋惜。 —— 亦舒 《玫瑰的故事》
“Humor was the enemy of desire.” ― Arthur C. Clarke, 2010: Odyssey Two
好的爱情是你通过一个人看到整个世界，坏的爱情是你为了一个人舍弃世界。 《两小无猜》
对于世界而言，你是一个人；但是对于某个人，你是他的整个世界。 —— 玛格丽特・米切尔 《飘》
“I want it too much," Adam said. That sentence, Ronan thought, was enough to undo all bad feeling he might have had meeting Adam's Harvard friends, all bad feeling about looking like a loser, all bad feeling about feeling stuck, all bad feeling, ever. Adam Parrish wanted him, and he wanted Adam Parrish.” ― Maggie Stiefvater, Call Down the Hawk
尽管我对爱一无所知，但是某种像爱一样的东西会像一千个鱼钩把下面的话从我喉咙里钩出来：我需要你。 —— 莱昂纳德・科恩 《美丽失败者》
“You realize that is you allow me to court you, all your opposition to marriage is going to have to be reconsidered." She smiled, feigning innocence."What opposition to marriage?" "Excellent." "But I'm thinking we should have a long courtship." "Why?" He looked surprised. "Because i find I've developed a taste for adventure." "That sounds dangerous. Not at all in character for a delicate flower." She laughed." We know I've never been good at being a delicate flower. Besides, it shan't be too dangerous." "How can you be so sure?" She smiled brilliantly at him, taking his breath away. "Because, on my next adventure, I'll have you by my side.” ― Sarah MacLean, The Season
当面对两个选择时，抛硬币总能奏效。 并不是因为它总能给出对的答案，而是在你把它抛在空中的那一秒里。 你突然就知道，你希望的结果是什么了。 —— 曾小贤 《爱情公寓》
“I shan't mind if you don't," he agreed. "But I'll not let you go, Prudence. Til not pester you, but know this: I will wait until you choose to listen to your heart." "Pshaw." It was a feeble effort. She took a deep breath and tried again. "Humbug! How can you presume to know my heart?" He smiled a slow, devastating smile. "You are my heart." He lifted her hand and kissed it. "And our hearts beat in tune. I know it—I, who used not to believe in such things. And you know it.” ― Anne Gracie, The Perfect Rake
泰戈尔说过：你若爱他，就让你的爱像阳光一样包围她，并给她自由。
“You realise you’re going to owe me dinner after this, right?” “How does McDonald’s sound?” “Inadequate.” ― Sarah Mayberry, Her Best Friend
“Romance has been elegantly defined as the offspring of fiction and love.” ― Benjamin Disraeli
“Bet you ten bucks we make it." What are the odds? she thought, and realized with sudden, blinding clarity that she wouldn't take the other side of that bet, that only a loser would bet against them. This is really it, she thought, amazed. This is really forever. I believe in this. "Min?" he said, and she kissed him, putting all her heart into it. "No bet," she said against his mouth. "Your odds are too good." "Our odds are too good” ― Jennifer Crusie, Bet Me
你见，或者不见我 我就在那里 不悲 不喜 你念，或者不念我 情就在那里 不来 不去 你爱，或者不爱我 爱就在那里 不增 不减 你跟，或者不跟我 我的手就在你手里 不舍不弃 来我的怀里， 或者 让我住进你的心里 默然相爱 寂静欢喜
要是爱你爱的再少些，话就可以多说些。 《傲慢与偏见》
“Man is the candle light and a woman is the moonlight. They live far away but can grow together during lonesome nights. ” ― Santosh Kalwar
“I'm not asking you for a second chance. I know better than that. But you've got no right to ask me to settle for sex then expect me to give up the one thing that's kept me going. I gave you up, now I'm taking what's left.” “You didn't give me up,” she tossed back. “You never wanted me.” “I never wanted anything the way I wanted you. I loved you.” He dragged her painfully to her toes. “I've always loved you. I cut my own heart out when I sent you away.” ― Nora Robertsrts, The Reef
“My house seems remarkably full of people," he observed. "Is it possible we were expected.” ― Georgette Heyer, These Old Shades
“The morning will come In the press of every kiss, With your head upon my chest Where I will annoy you With every waking breath Until you decide to wake up.” ― Coheed and Cambria
我浑身伤痛，跋涉万里，疲倦地寻找，只为来与你相见。 —— 宫崎骏 《悬崖上的金鱼姬》
“You have an instinct, Sophie, that's how," said Howl. "Nothing is safe from you. If I were to court a girl who lived on an iceberg in the middle of the ocean, sooner or later—probably sooner—I'd look up to see you swooping overhead on a broomstick. In fact, by now I'd be disappointed in you if I didn't see you.” ― Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle
“That somehow, this insufferable girl would become the one person I am forever, hopelessly, madly drawn to against my will and possibly even my better judgment.” ― Rachel E. Carter, Apprentice
“All of sudden I cared what someone thought of me. Because we are friends. And making you miserable and angry makes me miserable and angry. I don’t want to be the person to make you mad or cry, Ryiah. I want to make you laugh. I want you to make me laugh, because gods know you are the only one who can. So, yes, I am sorry, I am sorry because even if I was right, I was also wrong. And I’d rather lose a silly battle than your friendship.” ― Rachel E. Carter, Apprentice
人总是在接近幸福时倍感幸福，在幸福进行时却患得患失。
“火车是朝前开的， 去哪儿并不重要， 关键在于窗外的风景。”
娶了红玫瑰，久而久之，红玫瑰就变成了墙上的一抹蚊子血，白玫瑰还是“床前明月光； 娶了白玫瑰，白玫瑰就是衣服上的一粒饭渣子，红的还是心口上的一颗朱砂痣。 —— 张爱玲 《红玫瑰与白玫瑰》
“Most of the time romance isn't even about love, anyway. It's about escape. Fantasy. Salvation from the mundane. Save me from boredom, from exhaustion, from my undersexed body, from microwave dinners and reality TV, from going to bed alone with a vibrator or a cat. Save me from my desperately ordinary life.” ― Leah Raeder, Black Iris
“My ideas about vampires may be romantic, but your attitudes toward women need a major overhaul.” ― Deborah Harkness, A Discovery of Witches
“When Shaundelle turned and looked back at Nonie she had her lips pursed. "The man say wear whatever you want. Wear black, girl. It's slimmin', not that you need any slimmin' with your skinny self, but it makes me look like I've been dietin' for a week. I don't want to be the only one wearin' black, so wear black, okay?” ― Deborah Leblanc, Toe to Toe
“每想你一次，天上飘落一粒沙，从此形成了撒哈拉。 每想你一次，天上就掉下一滴水，于是形成了太平洋。” —— 三毛 《撒哈拉的故事》
“You + Me saw this... AMERICA Thank you for finding America with me” ― Morgan Matson, Amy & Roger's Epic Detour
山有木兮木有枝，心悦君兮君不知。 《越人歌》
“Are you going to kiss me?" I blabbered stupidly. "I'm working up the nerve," he said softly.” ― Liz Reinhardt, Double Clutch
“No matter how happily a woman may be married, it always pleases her to discover that there is a nice man who wishes that she were not.” ― H.L. Mencken
因为爱过，所以慈悲；因为懂得，所以宽容。
“She shook off the self-recrimination. What-ifs and could-have-beens were not the way to move forward. She knew that from experience.” ― Judi Fennell, In Over Her Head
“什么情侣名最好听？” “长安，故里” “为什么？” “长安归故里，故里有长安”
“Ada kata yang merangkum kesetaraan, perhatian, & cinta! Laki-laki & Perempuan saling mengenal, saling memahami, saling bantu, bergandengan tangan (ups!), saling menanggung, & cekatan mendahulukan. Serasi..! Lalu? Harusnya kau tahu bidadari bisa cemburu. Itu tantangan. Untuk mendekatkan sumbu potensi diri dengan nyala suci ruh keshalihan. Agar bidadari cemburu padamu? Bukan dengan tebar pesona fisik tentu. Karena pasti 'muke lu jauh' he..he.. Tak jua dengan memenjara diri antara dapur, kelambu & sumur, karena Allah & Rasul tak pernah bermaksud begitu.” ― Salim A. Fillah
你说你喜欢雨，但是你在下雨的时候打伞。 你说你喜欢太阳，但是你在阳光明媚的时候躲在阴凉的地方。 你说你喜欢风，但是在刮风的时候你却关上窗户。 这就是为什么我会害怕你说你也喜欢我。
“最最喜欢你，绿子。” “什么程度？” “像喜欢春天的熊一样。” “春天的熊？”绿子再次扬起脸，“什么春天的熊？” “春天的原野里，你一个人正走着，对面走来一只可爱的小熊，浑身的毛活像天鹅绒，眼睛圆鼓鼓的。它这么对你说到：‘你好，小姐，和我一块打滚玩好么？’接着，你就和小熊抱在一起，顺着长满三叶草的山坡咕噜咕噜滚下去，整整玩了一大天。你说棒不棒？” “太棒了。” “我就这么喜欢你。” —— 村上春树 《挪威的森林》
不管全世界所有人怎么说，我都认为自己的感受才是正确的。无论别人怎么看，我绝不打乱自己的节奏。喜欢的事自然可以坚持，不喜欢怎么也长久不了。 —— 村上春树 《当我谈跑步时我谈些什么》
“I’m not a woman you bring home to Mother, pick out china patterns with, or Mary forefend, breed. I’ve seen a chunk of the universe, true, but there’s still so much more to see. I doubt I’ll ever cure this wanderlust, and I’m content with dedicating my life to failing to sate it... He’s never going to sit at my feet and write me poems, which is good because I hate poetry, except dirty ones that rhyme.” ― Ann Aguirre, Grimspace
我将于茫茫人海中访我唯一灵魂之伴侣；得之，我幸；不得，我命。 —— 徐志摩 《致梁启超》
对我来说，风光无限的是你，跌落尘埃的也是你，重点是“你”，而不是“怎样”的你。——《天官赐福》 《天官赐福》
“On the map of you, my fingers could always find the green hills, Wales. Cool waters and a shore of white chalk. The ancient part of you carved out of stone in a prayerful circle, sacrosanct. Your spine's a ridge I'd die climbing. If I could spread it out on my desk, I'd find the corner of your mouth where it pinches with my fingers, and I'd smooth it away and you'd be marked with the names of saints like all the old maps. I get the nomenclature now- saints' names belong to miracles” ― Casey McQuiston, Red, White & Royal Blue
“Will you walk with me out on the wire, cuz baby, I'm just a scared and lonely rider, but I gotta know how it feels... I want to know love is wild, babe, I want to know love is real.” ― BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN
飞蛾对灯火说的话 我想对你再说一次 奋不顾身之前，我是知道结局的 —— 北川理惠 《三行情书》
“Every universe I’ve created lately, your face keeps popping up in it. And I thought that if you can’t be cool with that, then I wouldn’t hate you, but I might need some time for myself until we’ve had enough distance that I can imagine made-up worlds without you automatically appearing.” ― Adam Silvera, History Is All You Left Me
我贪恋的人间烟火，不偏不倚，全都是你 —— 荒川黛 《教授，抑制剂要吗》
我相信，真正在乎我的人是不会被别人抢走的，无论是友情，还是爱情。
惊觉相思不露，原来只因已入骨，情不知所起，一往而深 。 —— 汤显祖 《牡丹亭》
我希望有个如你一般的人。 如这山间清晨一般明亮清爽的人， 如奔赴古城道路上阳光一般的人， 温暖而不炙热，覆盖我所有肌肤。 由起点到夜晚，由山野到书房， 一切问题的答案都很简单。 我希望有个如你一般的人，贯彻未来，数遍生命的公路牌。 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
“Blake took a small roll from the tray on the table, then put it back in favor of a larger one. And maybe a little butter. It certainly couldn't hurt. And jam...no, he drew the line at jam. She was a spy, after all.” ― Julia Quinn, To Catch an Heiress
“顺便告诉他,我选择的那个人愿意为我付出生命,我亦然。”傅清疏又回过身来,一字顿地说:“他就是我的执迷不悟。” -- 《教授，抑制剂要吗》 —— 荒川黛 《教授，抑制剂要吗》
少年时我们追求激情，成熟后却迷恋平庸，在我们寻找，伤害，背离之后，还能一如既往的相信爱情，这是一种勇气。每个人都有属于自己的一片森林，迷失的人迷失了，相逢的人会再相逢。 —— 村上春树 《挪威的森林》
有多少人以友谊的名义，爱着一个人，认为拥有，就是失去的开始。 《我可能不会爱你》
“My soul will always find its way to yours because home is where the heart is.” ― Truth Devour, Wantin
眉眼是银河，眼里有星辰。
我以为爱情可以填满人生的遗憾。然而，制造更多遗憾的。却偏偏是爱情。
“[Bobby Tom] finally understood Gracie's function in his life. She was God's joke on him.” ― Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Heaven, Texas
希望你可以记住我，记住我这样活过，这样在你身边呆过。 —— 村上春树 《挪威的森林》
“Haven’t you got any romance in your soul?’ said Magrat plaintively. ‘No,’ said Granny. 'I ain’t. And stars don’t care what you wish, and magic don’t make things better, and no one doesn’t get burned who sticks their hand in a fire. If you want to amount to anything as a witch, Magrat Garlick, you got to learn three things. What’s real, what’s not real, and what’s the difference.” ― Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad
我把我整个的灵魂都给你，连同它的怪癖，耍小脾气，忽明忽暗，一千八百种坏毛病。它真讨厌，只有一点好，爱你。
“I'm going to hell. I'm pretty sure she'd going to drag me there herself.” ― Penelope Douglas, Punk 57
或许，我们终究会有那么一天：牵着别人的手，遗忘曾经的他。 —— 三毛 《雨季不再来》
“Patti told me that to truly love someone, you must hold them in an open hand. That was how I needed to love Kai. It was necessary to uncurl my fingers and let him go.” ― Wendy Higgins, Sweet Evil
喜欢一个人，会卑微到尘埃里，然后开出花来。
我希望有个如你一般的人 如山间清爽的风 如古城温暖的光 从清晨到夜晚 由山野到书房 只要最后是你 就好 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
曾经有一份真诚的爱情放在我面前，我没有珍惜，等我失去的时候我才后悔莫及，人世间最痛苦的事莫过于此。 如果上天能够给我一个再来一次的机会，我会对那个女孩子说三个字：我爱你。 如果非要在这份爱上加上一个期限，我希望是…… 一万年 —— 周星驰 《大话西游》
“You're what I've been looking for my whole life, and if you let me, I'll love you for the rest of yours.” ― Robin Bielman, Keeping Mr. Right Now
“There is something about me, doll face. It’s between my legs, and I do believe a few minutes ago you were praying to it.” ― Debra Anastasia, Crushed Seraphim
其实，我很累了，我习惯假装坚强，习惯了一个人面对所有，我不知道自己到底想怎么样。有时候我可以很开心的和每个人说话，可以很放肆的，可是却没有人知道，那不过是伪装，很刻意的伪装；我可以让自己很快乐很快乐，可是却找不到快乐的源头，只是傻笑。
“Sometimes just getting through each day requires almost superhuman strength.” ― Jojo Moyes, After You
“I already knew our “ever after” wouldn't always be happy or even comfortable―and clearly it couldn't be expected to go according to plan. Still, it was ours. And we were both determined enough to see it through to “the end.” ― Angela N. Blount, Once Upon an Ever After
“How could you fall in love with a three inch worm?” ― Stephenie Meyer, The Host
“His hands may have been the one to heal you, but it will be mine that awaken you.” ― Charlotte Featherstone, Sinful
“There are much more important qualities to have than a docile disposition.” ― C.J. Redwine, Defiance
你来友情客串，我却倾情出演。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
“Sorry,ʺ she said, her face shining with joy when she saw me. ʺShould have put a sock on the door. Didnʹt realize things were getting hot and heavy.ʺ ʺNo avoiding it,ʺ I said lightly, clasping Dimitriʹs hand. ʺThings are always hot with him around.ʺ Dimitri looked scandalized. Heʹd never held back when we were in bed together, but his private nature wouldnʹt let him even hint about such matters to others. It was mean, but I laughed and kissed his cheek. ʺOh, this is going to be fun,ʺ I said. ʺNow that everythingʹs out in the open.ʺ ʺYeah,ʺ he said. ʺI got a pretty ‘funʹ look from your father the other day.” ― Richelle Mead
今夕何夕，见此良人。 《诗经》
“He would ask nothing else from life if he would be allowed to protect and cherish her for the rest of his.” ― Julie Anne Long, What I Did for a Duke
“You're the one who made it seem like we were doing something wrong. Maybe you still feel like that, because for whatever reason, you think I'm not good enough for you. But I like you, okay? I've liked you from the very beginning." "It was never going anywhere" "Because you wouldn't let it go anywhere.” ― Siobhan Vivian, Not That Kind of Girl
“If you neglected to warn Djetth beforehand that you were going to shoot him down, Your Highness, he may consider you in breach of contract... -- Rhett” ― Rowena Cherry, Insufficient Mating Material
“En el amor no hay palabra segura.” ― Lena Valenti, El libro de Ardan
静下来想你，觉得一切都美好的不可思议。
听到一些事，明明不相干的，也会在心中拐好几个弯想到你。
“Never sleep with a lady only once, especially in the case of an older lady. -'Rhett ” ― Rowena Cherry, Knight's Fork
“What if I shave?" he said. "I look much better when I'm shaved. My cousin will vouch for that—do I not look almost handsome when I shave, Edward? " He didn't wait for the duke's reply but turned earnestly back to Prudence. "Do you think you could marry me if I shaved?” ― Anne Gracie, The Perfect Rake
“You'll want all your strength for the wedding night." I cannot think why I should need strength," she said, ignoring a host of spine-tingling images rising in her mind's eye. "All I have to do is lie there." "Naked," he said grimly. "Truly?" She shot him a glance from under her lashes. "Well, if I must, I must, for you have the advantage of experience in these matters. Still, I do wish you'd told me sooner. I should not have put the modiste to so much trouble about the negligee." "The what?" "It was ghastly expensive," she said, "but the silk is as fine as gossamer, and the eyelet work about the neckline is exquisite. Aunt Louisa was horrified. She said only Cyprians wear such things, and it leaves nothing to the imagination." Jessica heard him suck in his breath, felt the muscular thigh tense against hers. "But if it were left to Aunt Louisa," she went on,"I should be covered from my chin to my toes in thick cotton ruffled with monstrosities with little bows and rosebuds. Which is absurd, when an evening gown reveals far more, not to mention--" "What color?" he asked. His low voice had roughened. "Wine red," she said, "With narrow black ribbons threaded through the neckline. Here." She traced a plunging U over her bosom. "And there's the loveliest openwork over my...well, here." She drew her finger over the curve of her breast a bare inch above the nipple. "And openwork on the right side of the skirt. From here" --she pointed to her hip--"down to the hem. And I bought---" "Jess." Her name was a strangled whisper. "--slippers to match," she continued." Black mules with--" "Jess." In one furious flurry of motion he threw down the reins and hauled her into his lap.” ― Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels
草在结它的种子，风在摇它的叶子。我们站着，不说话，就十分美好。 —— 顾城 《门前》
“Never be afraid to tell me anything,” he whispered against her hair. “No matter how ashamed you might feel. I’ll never judge you, Rachel. I love you.” ― Maya Banks, The Darkest Hour
“This has to be the most self-centered thing I've ever said, but no, I think you just wanted to vex me.” ― Julia Quinn, The Viscount Who Loved Me
“There’s a part of me which has always wanted to hear a man say, "Let me take care of you forever," and I have never heard it spoken before. Over the last few years, I’d given up looking for that person, learned how to say this heartening sentence to myself, especially in times of fear. But to hear it from someone else now, from someone who is speaking sincerely...” ― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love
“If you try to find a replacement, you'll be sadly disappointed, I can't be replaced. I'm the only man in all the world who possesses the right combination of qualities for you.You can turn your Ballister stare upon me all you like, but you can't petrify me. You can knock me about to your heart's content without worrying about doing any damage. You can perpetrate any sort of outrage your wicked mind conceives and be sure I'll join in, with a will. You're a troublemaker, Lydia. A Ballister devil. Nothing less than a Mallory hellion would ever suit you." - Vere Mallory -” ― Loretta Chase, The Last Hellion
“I would actually write books totally full of nothing BUT kissing scenes, but apparently people like books to have, like, "plots" or whatever.” ― Rachel Hawkins
“Love one another. Love yourself. Then love will find you whole not half.” ― K Dr Michael Taylor
你站在桥上看风景， 看风景人在楼上看你。 明月装饰了你的窗子， 你装饰了别人的梦。 —— 卞之琳 《断章》
“I love her and that's the beginning and end of everything.” ― F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby
“Dad" I pleaded, "this is so [cuss word you never, ever say in front of your mother] ridiculous.” ― Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer
“I could have screamed, but I didn't. I could have fought, but I didn't. I just lay there and let it happen, wathcing the winter-white sky go gray above me. One wolf prodded his nose into my hand and agianst my cheek, casting a shadow along my face. His yellow eyes looked into mine as the other wolves moved me this way and that. I held onto those eyes for as long as I could. Yellow. And, up close, flecked brillantly with every shade of gold and hazel. I didn't want him to look away, and he didn't. I wanted to reach out and grab a hold of his ruff, but my hands stayed curled to my chest, my arms frozen to my body. I couldn't remember what it felt like to be warm. Then he was gone, without him, the other wolves closed in, too close, sufficating. Something seemed too flutter in my chest. There was no sun; there was no light. I was dying. I couldn't remember what the sky looked like. But I didn't die, I was lost in a sea of cold, and then I was reborn into a sea of warmth. I remember this: his yellow eyes. I thought I would never see them again.” ― Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver
“Just remember that the only question in a house is who is to rule. The rest is only dancing around that, trying not to look it in the eye.” ― Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless
“When I realized I was going to die, the only thing I could think about was you and what an idiot I’d been for not telling you how I felt about you. I think I’ve loved you from the moment you lifted that awful blindfold off my face. I opened my eyes, and there you were, the bravest, most beautiful woman I’ve ever known. You set me free Natalie. In so many ways, you set me free.” ― Pamela Clare, Breaking Point
鱼玄机的资料里，四十一秒时间，大半是与温庭钧有关。温庭钧的资料里，二分二十三秒，无一秒有关鱼玄机，皆为一身功名。 你离太过遥远，我触之不及。纵使我微小，但我的世界，大半都是你 《网易云热评》
不要指着月亮起誓，它是变化无常的，每个月都有盈亏圆缺；你要是指着它起誓，也许你的爱情也会像它一样无常。 —— 莎士比亚 《罗密欧与朱丽叶》
世界小得像一条街的布景，我们相遇了。你点点头，省略了所有的往事，省略了问候。
花好月圆，美满如璧，好像都得瞎猫碰上死耗子，人间深情只有那么少的一点，疯子拿去一些，傻子拿去一些，剩下的寥寥无几，怎么够分？ —— priest 《杀破狼》
“Somos cada vez mais, os defeitos que temos, não as qualidades” ― José Saramago , A Viagem do Elefante
当我跨过沉沦的一切，向着永恒开战的时候，你是我的军旗。 —— 王小波 《爱你就像爱生命》
他点了一个赞，你脑补出了一出戏 他更新一条动态，你就像在做阅读理解 他坐在你身边，却隔着一条银河 他什么都没做，却成了你心里的最重要 他什么都好，唯一的缺点就是不喜欢你 —— 张皓宸 《后来时间都与你有关》
像他那样的人，经常眺望远方。 那双眼睛总是清澈的，是我迄今为止见过的最漂亮的眼睛。 可能是因为我喜欢他，才这样觉得吧。 —— 岩井俊二 《情书》
不许你再叫我先生，否则我要从字典中查出世界上最肉麻的称呼来称呼你。特此警告。
“We can do anything you like. Just be with me.” ― Christine Feehan, Magic in the Wind
距离那天，过了十三年，他从十六岁，到了二十九岁。 从桀骜不驯又放纵变得沉稳内敛，从不良少年到现在的清冷禁欲教授。 他拼尽全力，仍是无法摆脱。 -- 《教授，抑制剂要吗》 《教授，抑制剂要吗》
爱是恒久忍耐，又有恩慈；爱是不嫉妒，爱是不自夸，不张狂，不作害羞的事，不求自己的益处，不轻易发怒，不计算人的恶，不喜欢不义，只喜欢真理；凡事包容，凡事相信，凡事盼望，凡事忍耐；爱是永不止息。 《圣经》
“You don't want me to feel obligated? Well, I'm sorry, Lily. I am here because I feel obligated." He brought her hand to his chest, pressing her palm flat against his rapidly thumping pulse. "I'm obligated by my heart. It's decided you're essential to my existence, you see. And it's threatening to go out on labor strike if I don't make you mine this very day. So yes. I am here on bended knee, acting from a deep, undeniable sense of obligation. I am, quite simply, yours." He swallowed hard. "If you'll have me.” ― Tessa Dare, Three Nights with a Scoundrel
你看这个人，嘴里说喜欢我，又让我这么难过... —— 南康白起 《我等你到三十五岁》
“I’ve never heard of a man being so eager to confess to the parent of a girl he’s just ruined” ― Lisa Kleypas, Secrets of a Summer Night
让人想要铭记一生的，不是脚下的万家灯火，而是和你在一起的时光。 —— 绿亦歌 《永无，永无岛》
时光终有一天会将我们分开，但是。即使如此，在那日降临之前，让我们一直在一起吧。 —— 绿川幸 《萤火之森》
“I won't be affected by your charm nor I will trap you into marriage. I've been there once, never again. - Kristine” ― Martha Cecilia, Kristine Series 11: Wild Rose
“When you sit that way, you look kind of like a beach ball with a head,” he continued. “Your haircut is really, really bad, I’m probably going to lose my job for helping you this way, and I’m dying to fuck you.” He glanced at her. “That honest enough for you?” ― Suzanne Brockmann, Bodyguard
所爱隔山海，山海不可平 。 —— Littlesen 《山木诗词》
等待太久得来的东西，多半已经不是当初自己想要的样子了。
我看过最虐心的小说是我和你的聊天记录。
从来不偷东西的你，却爱偷笑 于是从来不偷东西的我 便学会了偷看 —— 北川理惠 《三行情书》
我们俩真可说是天生的一对，因为你和我一样，为人冷酷、贪婪而又无所顾忌，在所有认识你的人中，只有我在看清了你的真实面目之后还会爱你。我爱上了你，因为我想碰碰运气。 《飘》
你是我一时的冲动，也是我良久的喜欢。 《最撩人的情话是什么？》
一川烟草，满城风絮，梅子黄时雨。 —— 贺铸 《青玉案·凌波不过横塘路》
走得突然，我们来不及告别。这样也好，因为我们永远不告别。 —— 三毛 《我的宝贝》
“Excuse me?" I said, palms down on the Formica tabletop. "Coffee? I thought we came here for pie." "I don't eat the kind of pie they serve here." I felt a flash of heat go through my stomach. I knew firsthand the kind of pie Ranger liked.” ― Janet Evanovich, To the Nines
“I'm ending this.' 'No. Come on. It's not worth it.' 'You are,' he said fiercely, looking at her. 'You're worth it.” ― Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park
“Sam…” “What?” she whispered. “Tell me what to do to fix it.” She shook her head and closed her eyes as though she couldn’t bear to see him. “You can’t fix it.” He had to. Failure here was not an option. “Let me try.” ― Kaylea Cross, No Turning Back
如果有一天，我突然疏远了你，不要想我们之间怎么了。你没有错，我只是突然犯病了，过一阵子就好。友情如此，爱情亦如此。
一想到要和你分别，就算拨开人群，我也想去见你。 《萤火之森》
“It frightens me that I can't do anything sensible about it." "Are you scared that you'll wind up with a boring job where you have to see the same people every day and drink instant coffee?" "I'm more scared that I'll forget the feeling I have now." "Kind of like how you forgot how it feels to be three years old." "That surely I'll wind up thinking I was so young, I didn't really understand everything. It bothers me that I know I will be wrong.” ― Gunnar Ardelius, I Need You More Than I Love You and I Love You to Bits
“I'd lost myself in the abyss of someone else's tyranny...again.” ― Cassandra Giovanni, Love Exactly
“Foolishly romantic, yeah, sure, maybe: but she'd rather have dreams of Prince Charming than the reality of Mr. Wrong.” ― Lisa Cach, Wake Unto Me
春风再美也比不上你的笑，没见过你的人不会明了。 —— 李宗盛 《鬼迷心窍》
“With kisses like that, I wish this was the Universe where you were my soulfinder.” ― Joss Stirling, Seeking Crystal
“The guy in bed with her was not Nathan. Which meant Elle was buck-naked and wantonly riding the wrong guy.” ― Katee Robert, Wrong Bed, Right Guy
“Just because lips have met doesn't mean hearts have joined. And just because two bodies are drawn to each other doesn't mean two people are right for each other. A physical relationship does not equal love.” ― Joshua Harris, I Kissed Dating Goodbye Study Guide
“一个宇宙，九大行星，二百零四个国家，八百零九个岛屿，七个大洋，六十八亿人口，我竟如此幸运，可以遇见你。” —— 叶非夜 《101次抢婚》
在某个瞬间，你会感觉整个天地都因为某个人的存在变得很明亮。 像是一直行走在黑乎乎的隧道里，突然到了出口，天光乍现。 —— 师小札 《浅爱深喜欢》
我把我整个灵魂都给你，连同它的怪癖，耍小脾气，忽明忽睹，一千八百种坏毛病。它真讨厌，只有一点好，就是爱你。 —— 王小波 《爱你就像爱生命》
“She could not leave him hanging like this. “If you were hurt, I need to know.” It was a rule somewhere, in the good-guy handbook.” ― Tara Janzen, Crazy Wild
“Ah, well.” He smiled-another one of those devastatingly intoxicating smiles that did unreasonable things to her body temperature and respiration. With a nod and a respectful, “Ma’am,” he left her in the middle of the room. Feeling like she’d been hit by a tank.” ― Cindy Gerard, To the Brink
男孩：妈妈，我有喜欢的人了 妈妈：那快带回来吃饭啊 男孩：可他是男孩子 妈妈：男孩子啊，那我多买点菜，男孩子吃的多饭量大
“An emotion clamped down on her heart. It squeezed her into a terrible silence. But he said nothing after that, only her name, as if her name were not a name but a question. Or perhaps that it wasn’t how he had said it, and she was wrong, and she’d heard a question simply because the sound of him speaking her name made her wish that she were his answer.” ― Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Crime
明明在喜欢你之前过的很好。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
人生没有彩排，每一天都是现场直播 —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
彼岸花，开一千年，落一千年，花叶永不相见。 情不为因果，缘注定生死 《佛经》
I only wish to face the sea, with spring flowers blossoming. 我只愿面朝大海，春暖花开。 —— 海子 《面朝大海》
三生石上三生情，忘川河旁怎忘情； 彼岸花开千年痛，奈何桥边奈何爱； 人生若只如初见，相见却不如不见； 入骨相思君不知，红豆传说成往事； 道不尽春去秋来，盼不尽沧海桑田； 愿得一人红尘心，白首不离伴一世； 山水田园远俗世，不羡鸳鸯不羡仙。
愿你能因为某个人的出现而让世界丰盈，愿你的生活如同贺卡上烫金的祝辞欢脱，愿这悠长岁月温柔安好，有回忆煮酒，愿你没有软肋，也不需要铠甲，愿我们和爱的人一起浪费人生，热泪盈眶，长生不老。我与世界只差一个你，因为是你，晚一点没关系。 —— 张皓宸 《我与世界只差一个你》
虽然经历了岁月的洗礼，但真挚的感悟没有磨灭。生命是短暂的，而爱情是永恒的。有一个可以思念的人，就是幸福。 —— 岩井俊二 《情书》
“People loved you in the way they knew how - and often it was not the way you knew. Or needed.” ― Josh Lanyon, The Dark Tide
每当有人问起为什么我不恋爱的时候，我都以麻烦为由搪塞过去。又有人开始问我到底喜欢过谁没有，我也轻描淡写地表示否定。其实我曾经碰到过，碰得太早，以至于我没来得及分清，也没来得及弄明白。 ——来自网易云音乐热评《好好过》 《网易云热评》
“We've been wed more than a month. Since it appears you mean to stay, I might as well give you leave to call me by my christian name. It is preferable, at any rate, to 'clodpole.” ― Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels
回忆这东西，真的能让一个人变成精神病，前一秒，还是嘴角微扬，这一秒，却湿润了眼眶。
“It's your heart. No one else gets a say in that.” ― Jay Asher, What Light
“[novan]: bassists are very good with their fingers [novan]: and some of us sing backup vocals, so that means we're good with our mouths too... (~ IM chat with Novan Chang, 18, bassist)” ― Jess C Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel
“Would you like to hear more romance of the evening? He told me that the Guard should be reduced by half, and I threw an ink jar at his head." "Is that when he cried?" "He ducked," Attolia said dryly. Grown more confident of the queen's humor, Relius said, "I had not pictured you for a fishwife." "Lo, the transforming power of love.” ― Megan Whalen Turner, The King of Attolia
“This principle - that your spouse should be capable of becoming your best friend - is a game changer when you address the question of compatibility in a prospective spouse. If you think of marriage largely in terms of erotic love, then compatibility means sexual chemistry and appeal. If you think of marriage largely as a way to move into the kind of social status in life you desire, then compatibility means being part of the desired social class, and perhaps common tastes and aspirations for lifestyle. The problem with these factors is that they are not durable. Physical attractiveness will wane, no matter how hard you work to delay its departure. And socio-economic status unfortunately can change almost overnight. When people think they have found compatibility based on these things, they often make the painful discovery that they have built their relationship on unstable ground. A woman 'lets herself go' or a man loses his job, and the compatibility foundation falls apart.” ― Timothy Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God
“He was too gorgeous for words and worst yet he knew it.” ― Shannon Dermott, Beg for Mercy
“我选择了你，就跟你风雨同舟，你可以说爱我，别说对不起” —— 荒川黛 《教授，抑制剂要吗》
“It is. I’m your boyfriend now, which means there’s no room for your hipster admirer. He’ll just have to lick his wounds while we lick other things.” ― Kylie Scott, Play
那时我们有梦，关于文学，关于爱情，关于穿越世界的旅行。如今我们深夜饮酒，杯子碰到一起，都是梦破碎的声音。 —— 北岛 《波兰来客》
愿此间山有木兮卿有意 昨夜星辰恰似你。 —— 伦桑 《山有木兮》
“He grinned, and right then it occurred to him that he hadn't enjoyed himself so much with a woman in a very long time. If Annabelle Granger were a few inches taller, a hell of a lot more sophisticated, better organized, less bossy, and more inclined to worship at his feet, she'd have made a perfect wife.” ― Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Match Me If You Can
“This is not something anyone can teach you. Heartbreak you must learn on your own.” ― Chelsey Philpot, Even in Paradise
Some of us get dipped in flat, some in satin, some in gloss. But every once in a while you find someone who's iridescent, and when you do, nothing will ever compare. 有人住高楼，有人在深沟，有人光万丈，有人一身锈，世人万千种，浮云莫去求，斯人若彩虹，遇上方知有。 —— 文德琳・范・德拉安南 《怦然心动》
喜欢的人不能做朋友，因为再看一眼，还是想要拥有。 《一禅小和尚》
不知道喜欢你什么，实在不知道，如果确定知道喜欢你什么，是不够喜欢你。因为不确定具体喜欢你什么，所以喜欢你所有一切及其他。 —— 冯唐 《不二》
“She has to agree to have me. It could take some time, but I’m confident I can trick her into it.” ― Robyn Carr, Promise Canyon
“V had a passing thought that she used the word "anyway" like an eraser on a crowded chalkboard. She said it whenever she needed to clear off the things she'd just shared to make room for more.” ― J.R. Ward, Lover Unbound
我的意中人是一个盖世英雄。 上天既然安排他拔出我的紫青宝剑， 他一定是个不平凡的人， 错不了！ 我知道有一天他会在一个万众瞩目的情况下出现， 身披金甲圣衣， 脚踏七彩祥云来娶我！ —— 周星驰 《大话西游》
穿过星星 穿过月亮 试着遇见一个更好的自己 《励志》
卦不敢算尽畏天道无常 情不敢至深恐大梦一场 —— 荀夜羽 《晴雪夜》
聋子听见哑巴说瞎子看见了爱情。
“He gripped her nape. "I fuckin' love you, Regin!" Rain spiked his lashes as he gazed down at her, commanding her, "Love Me Back” ― Gena Showalter
If you are willing, I will always love you. Would you like, I will never miss。 你要是愿意，我就永远爱你，你要不愿意，我就永远相思。 《吸血鬼日记》
“I hope I haven't given you the impression that I consider kissing intrinsically irrational.” ― F. Scott Fitzgerald, Gatsby Girls
“Oh, Cameron," Eldon replied in a whisper, moving closer and brushing his lips over Cameron's mouth. "You are literally the very reason my heart beats. Nothing I have lost can compare with the love in you I have found.” ― Zathyn Priest, Liquid Glass
昨天别人在我身旁大声说出你的名字 这对于我 像从敞开的窗口扔进了一朵玫瑰花 —— 辛波斯卡 《我曾这样寂寞生活》
人的一生都会扮演很多角色，如果你不高兴，你可以把剧本扔了。不过记住，有一份剧本是真正属于你的，千万别丢错了。 —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
说好永远的，不知怎么就散了。最后自己想来想去，竟然也搞不清楚当初是什么原因把彼此分开的。然后，你忽然醒悟，感情原来是这么脆弱的。经得起风雨，却经不起平凡......
“As a rule of thumb, I'd say one cliché per [Romance]--and then be damn sure you can make it work. But if you're going to try to write the virginal amnesiac twin disguised as a boy mistaken for the mother (or father depending how well the disguise works) of a secret baby, honey, you better have some serious skills. Or seek therapy.” ― Nora Roberts
暗恋是世界上最美丽的爱情。
你亲手把自己身边的人都推开还说自己怕孤独
友谊和爱情之间的区别在于：友谊意味着两个人和世界，然而爱情意味着两个人就是世界。
“You can’t live your life thinking death is going to come all the time. You have to live life and if it comes, then we can only hope we were able to do all the things we wanted. He has to want to do something. Everyone does.” ― Shelena Shorts
故事的开头总是这样，适逢其会，猝不及防。故事的结局总是这样，花开两朵，天各一方。 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
“He loved her. He wanted her. He needed her. And he needed her now.” ― Julia Quinn, Just Like Heaven
“I want you," she said. "I told you so," he said.” ― Loretta Chase, Lord Perfect
“I’m going to carry you now,” he told her, “so we can move even faster. I’m not asking you, I’m telling you. Any response from you is unnecessary and unwelcome.” ― Suzanne Brockmann, Out of Control
“I want him to burn for me, to not be able to go a day without touching me, holding me, caressing me. He’ll be an excellent lover. I want a man who knows how to please me,” ― Maya Banks, The Tycoon's Rebel Bride
“If she were here I wouldn't be able to keep my hands off her. I would hold her so close she'd beg me to let her breathe. I'd kiss her so hard she'd plead for mercy. I'd unfasten her clothing and lie with her on that hard bed, and what was between us would be as far above the ordinary congress between man and woman as the stars are above their pale reflections in the lake below.” ― Juliet Marillier, Heir to Sevenwaters
“Emotions don’t interfere in my acting, nor in my life.” ― Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice
“You will like her," he persisted. "Egad, she's after your own heart, maman! She shot me in the arm." "Voyons, do you think that is what I like?” ― Georgette Heyer Devil's Club, Devil's Cub
“Madelyne, we're married now. 'Tis a usual occurrence to bed one's wife on the wedding night.” ― Julie Garwood, Honor's Splendour
我承认我很喜欢你，我也曾经为你，疯狂过、迷失过、伤心过，可我已经无法再说服自己再去爱你了，我们俩的世界离得太远了，我不能因为贪图自己一时的满足，而耽误了自己，也耽误了你。 —— 曾小贤 《爱情公寓》
其实世上哪儿有什么一见钟情，所谓的一见钟情，不过是你终于遇到了你那个一直想要的人而已。人海茫茫，遇之是幸，不遇是命。 —— 大冰 《乖，摸摸头》
你， 一会看我， 一会看云。 我觉得， 你看我时很远， 你看云时很近。 —— 顾城 《远和近》
“Nakayanan n'yang bumangon, hindi ko pagdududahan ang kakayahan n'yang lumipad.” ― Bob Ong, Si
站在命运的彼端，两两相望，我曾拥有你，想起就心酸。 —— 周洪滨 《偷星九月天》
御水珠，三生情，十里红妆女儿愿。 寒冰戈，忆如沙，一语清辞胜千言。 魍魉计，望月心，千颜铁掌化曾经。 再相逢，燃命技，不枉树下来世愿。 战沙场，情未了，一朝称帝千古传。 雨落心，寻君影，身化青松仍相识。 着囚衣，南国宫，欢都公主痴念中。 相思浓，百年空，奈何涂山一抹红。 灭妖火，点情缘，五十年愿终实现。 初相见，唇上血，千古第一为红颜。 五彩棒，续前缘，五百年缘终相见。 破阳炎，地寒天，泪中再见忆中颜。 素衣着，泪情诗，待你未归人潮逝。 清瞳月，兵人剑，相视一笑轻王权。 易千颜，情不改，若忘此生来世忆。 再相逢，不相认，一点缘孽如浮生。 —— 庹小新 《狐妖小红娘》
永远不要轻言等待，等待是多么奢侈的东西。电影里，只需镜头切换，字幕上出现几行小字 —— 二十年以后。然后红颜白发，一切都有了结局，而现在的人生，三年五载，其中哪一秒不需要生生地捱，一辈子真长。 —— 辛夷坞 《晨昏》
无论如何，现在要做的就是多休息，吹吹风。然后，吃些蜂蜜。就像进入冬眠的熊一样。重要的是，不要被那些你不在场时流逝的时间所囚禁。因为，那里并没有你。 —— 森绘都 《再次遇见你》
有些事，你把它藏在心里也许更好，等时间长了，回过头去看它，也就变成了故事. 《似水年华》
“I'm not throwing you away! I'm setting you free.” ― Aleatha Romig, Convicted
生命是一袭华美的袍，爬满了蚤子。 —— 张爱玲 《天才梦》
帝王：待我君临天下，许你四海为家； 国臣：待我了无牵挂，许你浪迹天涯； 将军：待我半生戎马，许你共话桑麻； 书生：待我功成名达，许你花前月下； 侠客：待我名满华夏，许你放歌纵马； 琴师：待我弦断音垮，许你青丝白发； 面首：待我不再有她，许你淡饭粗茶； 情郎：待我高头大马，许你嫁衣红霞； 农夫：待我富贵荣华，许你十里桃花； 僧人：待我一袭袈裟，许你相思放下。
只愿君心似我心，定不负相思意。 —— 李之仪 《卜算子·我住长江头》
“And she swung the old oar at him with all her strength. It hit with a great thwack, splintering in two, and he went over the side, into the dark, cold waters of the lake, sinking like a stone. It took her two seconds. And then she let out a scream for help, tossing the broken oar away from her, and jumped into the water after him. It was very cold, numbingly so, and as it closed over her head she grabbed for him, wrapping her arms around his body, ready to sink to the bottom with him. Instead he kicked, pushing them up so that they broke the surface, his arm clamped around hers as she struggled. "Jesus, woman!" he snapped. "When did we have to become Romeo and Juliet?” ― Anne Stuart, Breathless
答案很长，我准备用一生的时间来回答，你准备要听了吗？
你在我的心里留下了一样东西，那时候我很年轻，并不明白那是什么。若干个日子过去了，它发芽生长，开花结果，我才知道那是一颗良善的种子，它让我更有决心，也更有信心，要成为一个更好的人。
“He had become like an old sweater, full of holes but never to be discarded, too many cold nights to find it in the back of a drawer and pull out.” ― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day
幸得识卿桃花面，从此阡陌多暖春。 —— 北大中文系 《北大中文系》
“A letter is a soul, so faithful an echo of the speaking voice that to the sensitive it is among the richest treasures of love.” ― Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot
“Sorry,” he said. “Let me drop the belt-" “No.” She held on when he would have pulled away. “Don’t. I like it.” Again, he lifted her face, and he smiled. “The tool belt turns you on.” “No.” She closed her eyes and thunked her forehead to his chest. “Little bit.” ― Jill Shalvis, Simply Irresistible
希望你能记住我，记住我曾这样存在过。 —— 村上春树 《挪威的森林》
你再出去晒晒太阳吧，晒得再黑一点，就没人叫你白痴了！ —— 关谷神奇 《爱情公寓》
“Marry me he said voice full of emotion. Be my soul mate my friend and my lover as long as we both live. Make babies with me that have curly hair and big brown eyes. Grow old with me and we'll watch the sun set together in the evenings. And when I leave this world I'll be happy knowing I was the best man I could be for having loved you.” ― Jo Davis, Line of Fire
“If a castle gets destroyed, you just build a new one. If you wanted me to I'd build them over and over. Let's build them together.” ― Fuyumi Soryo (惣領 冬実), Mars, Vol. 8
“I knew right then you were the only one for me." He pulled her hand from his face, kissed her palm, then pressed it flat against his chest. "Beatings, battles, fights. No matter how bleak the circumstance, no matter how my soul despaired ... this heart never once gave up." His voice deepened, went thick with emotion. "I've a theory as to why. Do you want to hear it?" She nodded. "This heart is yours. It's yours," he said. "It always will be.” ― Tessa Dare, Twice Tempted by a Rogue
“I don't know what the future holds. I only know that I want to be with you. You and me. Everything else is negotiable.” ― Joan Kilby, Two Against the Odds
“Love me?” Madeline asked with a faint smile. “It used to be love.” He brushed his lips over her closed eyelids. “Now there's no word for it.” “You once told me that you thought love was a weakness.” “I was wrong,” he whispered, kissing the corners of her mouth. “I've discovered it's my only strength.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Because You're Mine
“I love you, and it's not the kind of love that wavers. It's the scary kind that doesn't fade. I look at you, and I see not just everything I want for my life, but everything I am, because you took the emptiest, dark pits of my soul and filled them with you. You are as much part of me as my own heart, and it doesn't beat without you.” ― Rebecca Yarros, Eyes Turned Skyward
送行时对你说”保重哦” 但真正想说的 其实是”带上我” —— 北川理惠 《三行情书》
“That is what I like about you, Mr. Dashwood," she said. "You are so decisive. It saves me the bother of thinking for myself." "That is what I like about you, Mrs. Dashwood," he said. "You are so sarcastic. It saves me the trouble of trying to be tactful and charming.” ― Loretta Chase, Lord Perfect
“I stepped closer still. He closed his eyes again and covered my hand with his own. 'You smell of violets. You always smell of violets,' he said. 'You've no idea how many times I have walked these moors and smelled them and thought you were near. On and on I walked, following the scent of you, and you were never there. When I saw you in the hall tonight, I thought I had finally gone mad.” ― Deanna Raybourn, Silent on the Moor
生亦何欢，死亦何苦 —— 周星驰 《大话西游》
当我对所有的事情都厌倦的时候，我就会想到你，想到你在世界的某个地方生活着，存在着，我就愿意忍受一切。你的存在对我很重要。 —— 赛尔乔・莱翁 《美国往事》
人世间有百媚千红，唯独你是我情之所钟。 —— 沧海遗墨 《倾尽天下之乱世繁华》
“何为美人？” “纤手，漾眸，柔腰肢。” “可否具体？” “橘子香气。” “可否再具体？” “汝。” 《网易云评论》
“And he'd railed at her, his voice booming so loud the bed had seem to shake. "You canna do this - take my goddamned heart and then leave me! You think I will no' follow?" She knew he was constantly there, was aware of his movement and comprehended his words, but she couldn't seem to open her heavy eyelids or speak. At night, he would wrap his body around hers, keeping her warm, whispering against her hair, "You enjoy being contrary. Then prove them all wrong and get better." He'd clutched her hip, then balled his fist there.” ― Kresley Cole, If You Deceive
曾经发生的事不可能忘记，只是暂时想不起来而已。 ―钱婆婆 —— 宫崎骏 《千与千寻》
不要总在过去的回忆里缠绵，昨天的太阳，晒不干今天的衣裳！ —— 陈可辛 《中国合伙人》
“I thought I was going to die. I wanted to die. And I thought if I was going to die I would die with you. Someone like you, young as I am, I saw so many dying near me in the last year. I didn’t feel scared. I certainly wasn’t brave just now. I thought to myself, We have this villa this grass, we should have lain down together, you in my arms, before we died. I wanted to touch that bone at your neck, collarbone, it’s like a small hard wing under your skin. I wanted to place my fingers against it. I’ve always liked flesh the colour of rivers and rocks or like the brown eye of a Susan, do you know what that flower is? Have you seen them? I am so tired, Kip, I want to sleep. I want to sleep under this tree, put my eye against your collarbone I just want to close my eyes without thinking of others, want to find the crook of a tree and climb into it and sleep. What a careful mind! To know which wire to cut. How did you know? You kept saying I don’t know I don’t know, but you did. Right? Don’t shake, you have to be a still bed for me, let me curl up as if you were a good grandfather I could hug, I love the word ‘curl,’ such a slow word, you can’t rush it...” ― Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient
你的过去我不愿过问，那是你的事情。你的未来我希望参与，这是我的荣幸。 —— 华生 《神探夏洛克》
有时候，我们必须闭上嘴，放下骄傲，承认是自己错了。这不是认输，而是成长。
每当我找到成功的钥匙，就有人把锁给换了！ 《爱情公寓》
对谁都很温柔，就说明谁都不重要，明确到底谁才是最重要的，也是一种温柔吧。 《请与废柴的我谈恋爱》
“These times of woe afford no time to woo.” ― William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet
暗恋成了一种习惯，卑微已经根植在了骨子里，刮骨疗毒都抹不干净。 —— 八月长安 《暗恋》
“Your neck. I want to kiss it.” ― Edmond Rostand, Cyrano de Bergerac
“When you are in love- everything is romantic” ― Jude Morgan, Indiscretion
“The seeking of a mate shall be undertaken with due preparation and care. A life-bond should never be contemplated as a light thing--unlike a legal union or sanctified joining, the sealing of souls CANNOT be severed. When a mate is SOULBOUND to another--LIFEMATED, as some have come to regard it--a mystery is engaged. In one aspect mystical, the lifemating process is the most sublime endeavor that a Refarian may assume. Once formed, the bond must be ever cherished and nurtured by the process of lifelong rigor.” ― Deidre Knight, Parallel Attraction
“The funny thing about destiny is that you can't predict it, and you can't prevent it. - Leslie” ― Kathy Love, Getting What You Want
睡眠的拼音是shuimian，失眠的拼音是shimian，辗转反侧夜不能寐，只因少了一个u
“Tell me,' I said. 'Tell me when you notice me.' I notice you going into church,' Joshua said. 'I notice your hair, how blond it is. But how in some light it looks like it has red in it. I notice the way you smell when we're close. And the way you walk when we're headed home from church and your family gets out of the Temple first. I notice how you are with your family and how you hold your little sisters. I've seen you stand out on your doorstep and look across the desert. I've watched you walk toward the Compound fence and then on past that. You've been walking for years.” ― Carol Lynch Williams
某年某月某日，我看了你一眼，并不深刻。 某年某月某日，和你相识，无关心动。 怎知日子一久，你就三三两两懒懒幽幽，停在我的心上。
“I had this daft idea to come and bury the past. Except the past is not quite dead.” ― Sherry Thomas, Not Quite a Husband
“No more sex." I blink several times at Anna as we stand outside the car the next morning. Have we been married long enough for her to say that?” ― Wendy Higgins, Sweet Temptation
我没有很刻意的去想念你，我只是在很多很多的小瞬间，想起你。比如一部电影，一首歌，一句歌词，一条马路和无数个闭上眼睛的瞬间。
“And this last year I also realized there are different kinds of love. There’s the dreamy kind you always thought you wanted and then there’s the steady one you never understood but the second you let yourself feel it…it’s nothing like you could have imagined in your wildest dreams.” ― K.L. Kreig, Black Swan Affair
“I remembered Nahadoth's lips on my throat and fought to suppress a shudder, only half succeeding. Death as a consequence of lying with a god wasn't something I had considered, but it did not surprise me. A mortal man's strength had its limits. He spent himself and slept. He could be a good lover, but even his best skills were only guesswork - for every caress that sent a woman's head into the clouds, he might try ten that brought her back to earth.” ― N.K. Jemisin, The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms
喜欢你的人很多，不缺我一个。我喜欢的人很少，除了你就没了。
我觉得这个世界美好无比。晴时满树花开，雨天一湖涟漪，阳光席卷城市，微风穿越指间，入夜每个电台播放的情歌，沿途每条山路铺开的影子，全部是你不经意写的一字一句，留我年复一年朗读。这世界是你的遗嘱，而我是你唯一的遗物。 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
喜欢你，很久了。等你，也很久了。现在，我要离开，比很久很久还要久…… —— 几米 《想你了，你却不知道》
喜欢你，因为我喜欢你，比世界上的任何一个人都喜欢你。 —— 青山刚昌 《名侦探柯南》
从不温柔、从不体贴、从不讲理、说不得、打不得、骂不得、惹不得.....新三从四德 —— 胡一菲 《爱情公寓》
我甚至一秒也没拥有过你，却好像失去了你一万次。 —— 西门龙霆 《拒嫁豪门：少奶奶99次出逃》
如果暗恋者是哑的,那么,被爱的那个人,便是盲的。 —— 西岭雪 《两生花》
“Snowball?" It's white." Meow." It's so girly." This from a guy who named his poodle Princess." his laughter died. "How do you know about Princess?" Your sister told me.” ― Rachel Gibson, Tangled Up In You
“-I think you are inhuman. If I leave you, who will you go to? Would you find another lover? I said nothing. -Deny it,damn you!” ― Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient
我不好，但全世界只有一个我。珍惜也好，不珍惜也罢。如果哪一天你把我弄丢了，我不会让你再找到我。友情也好，爱情也罢。我若离去，后会无期。
“Hey, where are you going?" His voice, confused yet curious, called after me. "Hey. Why didn't your mother name you Maybe, or We'll see, or What's-Your-Number? That way, we could call our first born Absolutely.” ― Linda Kage, The Color of Grace
在我安定下来，找到一个适合的终生伴侣之前，我得先找到我自己。 —— 林宛瑜 《爱情公寓》
你再不来，我要下雪了。 —— 木心 《云雀叫了一整天》
遇见你是命运的安排，成为了朋友是我的选择，而爱上你是我无法控制的意外。 —— HANS 《阿狸・梦之城堡》
入我相思门，知我相思苦。 —— 李白 《三五七言 / 秋风词》
“Why is it women have to bring all this angst into sex? We should be more like men. In. Out. Over. Next.” ― Lara Rios, Becoming Latina in 10 Easy Steps
“I wouldn't yell 'fire' at that slimeball if his ass was in flames.” ― Victoria Dahl, Talk Me Down
“I have been in love only once in my life. I suppose that makes me a romantic, in a sense. The idea that you have one true love, that no one else will compare after they have gone. It's a sweet idea, but the reality is terror itself. To be faced with all those lonely years after. To exist when the point of you has gone.” ― Matt Haig, How to Stop Time
“Remember I told you I’ve taken a vow of chastity. You understand what that means, right? Yeah,” he said. “You’re very generous. I think that’s cool.” I didn’t quite get his answer, but I didn’t want to prolong the conversation. [...] That’s when it dawned on me what Greg had meant. [...] Um, that’s charity, Greg, not chastity. He is so not the right guy for me.(137-138)” ― Robin Brande, Fat Cat
“Me pregunté si no habría personas destinadas a encontrarse fuera cuáles fueran las decisiones que tomasen, si esa leyenda que hablaba de un hilo rojo que conecta a dos almas gemelas no sería verdad.” ― Victoria Vilchez, Dime que te casarás conmigo
“They say money talks, but all mine ever says is 'good-bye sucker.” ― Jill Shalvis, Head Over Heels
“I know you. Inside and out, Sara. I know you, and I’ve accepted it all. Every bit of the crazy. And I love you anyway remember?” ― Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar
“I always watch you. You consume my every thought.” ― M.A. Stacie, Unwritten Rules
“Sophie, honey, stop looking at me like that,” Garrett said gruffly. “You’ll have me convinced I’m going to die.” “You’re not?” ― Maya Banks, No Place to Run
“七夕快到了，你有什么想做的吗？” “有。” “什么啊？” “炸了鹊桥，能少一对是一对。”
“We straighten , bu our snickering is barely contained as we attempt to focus our attention on a picture of a discarded Coke can. "This guy's lady love is kind of a slob, don't you think?" he whispers. I cover my mouth with my hands again. "A reaaaaaaaal litterbug." "Stop it," I hiss. My eyes are watering. "Ohmygod look at this one! How did he get her toenail clippings?" "If you were my girl," he whispers, "I'd take creepy pictures of your trash when I knew you weren't looking." "If you were my girl," I whisper back," I"d put the creepy pictures in a foreign museum so you wouldn't know that I take creepy pictures.” ― Stephanie Perkins, Isla and the Happily Ever After
“Good God, you don’t give up.” “Nope.” I laughed, couldn’t help it, and his smile spread in response to the sound. “I’m sure there are plenty of girls who want to go out on a date with you.” “There are.” “Wow. Modest aren’t you?” “Why should I be?” he shot back. “And I want to go out on a date with you. Not them.” ― J. Lynn, Wait for You
别以为世界抛弃了你，世界压根就没搭理你。 ——陈美嘉《爱情公寓》 —— 爱情公寓 《爱情公寓》
骑白马的不一定是王子，也可能是唐僧… 会烧香的不一定是和尚，也可能是熊猫… 有刺青的不一定是坏人，也可能是岳飞~ 会飞的不一定是大鸟，也可能是李宁 《爱情公寓》
世人谓我恋长安，其实只恋长安某。 —— 殊同 《我亦好歌亦好酒》
少年听雨歌楼上，红烛昏罗帐。壮年听雨客舟中，江阔云低，断雁叫西风。 而今听雨僧庐下，鬓已星星也。悲欢离合总无情。一任阶前，点滴到天明。 —— 蒋捷 《虞美人・听雨》
你不在，我也过得很好。但是，这并不代表你不重要。 《十年一品温如言》
“It’s not so much where I want you,Sophie, as it is how. Nothing tastes quite like a woman, and no woman tastes like you. - Marc Hunter” ― Pamela Clare, Unlawful Contact
你记得也好， 最好你忘掉。 —— 徐志摩 《偶然》
“If I let you go are you going to hit me again?” “What do you think?” “Then I’m not going to let you go.” ― Sarah Mayberry, Her Best Friend
我 只在做一件事的时候才会想你 那就是呼吸 《三行情书》
“Nothing is forever. Except atoms.” ― Dannika Dark, Gravity
你应该去喜欢一个 活泼 童颜 优雅 聪明 懂事 细腻 缜密 健康 能干 勤劳 阳光 积极 好学 呆萌 忠心 善良 坚强 坚定 果断 勇敢 独立 团结 礼貌 优美 义气 智慧 大度 豁达 宽容 谦虚 开朗 专心 乐观 热心 感恩 孝顺 通情达理 善解人意的人 比如我
“Who’s there?” “The scratcher of your itch,” he said. She opened the door a crack and stuck her nose out. “Was that supposed to be romantic?” ― Jill Shalvis, Instant Attraction
每个嘴上说不想谈恋爱的人，心里都装着一个不可能的人。
“So it’s fate then?” I asked with him so close my lips brushed the line of his jaw with each word, “Us being together?” “Absolutely,” Calvin said with a low growl. Then he lifted my chin, tilting my head back, and kissed me deeply. Who was I to argue with Fate?” ― E.J. Stevens
树在，山在，大地在，岁月在，我在，你还要怎样更好的世界？ —— 张晓风 《我在》
“Everybody's heart is like a cup. They stumble from place to place and person to person, trying to get them filled. They get cracked, those cups, and even broken. Some people throw them away, thinking that it will stop the pain. Poor fools. Nobody can fill a cup but Almighty God Himself. Nobody.” ― Linda Lael Miller, McKettrick's Pride
“She’ll find you. Her need to know you will eventually consume her.” ― Stephen Douglass, The Tainted Trust
“He swallowed and shifted his weight a little uneasily, and then said, very quietly, his lips almost touching hers, 'Promise me you'll marry me. Not now. Someday. Because I need to know." Claier felt a flutter inside, like a bird trying to fly, and a ruch of heat that made her dizzy. And something else, something fragile as a soap bubble, and just as beautiful. Joy, in the middle of all this horror and heartbreak. 'Yes,' she whispered back. 'I promise.' And she kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, while the sun came up and bathed Morganville in one last, shining day.” ― Rachel Caine, Last Breath
主动久了会很累，在乎久了会崩溃。沉默久了会受罪，想念久了会流泪。
你欺骗我的样子万般投入，我又怎么舍得让你输 —— 宫缘乾 《蝉女》
“Before I met you, my life ran on sheer amusement. After I met you, my life ran on sheer compassion.” ― Heenashree Khandelwal, Soulmates, By Chance
“Home was his favorite place too. But home for him was anywhere Jane happened to be. Never in his life had he loved someone as much as he loved her. So much that it scared him sometimes. He pulled her against him and looked out over the city. He was in love with his wife. Yeah, he knew what that said about him. That he was a goner. Leg-shackled for life. Whipped by a short woman with a big attitude. Yep, that's what it said about him, and he didn't care.” ― Rachel Gibson, See Jane Score
优柔寡断我喜欢，毫无斗志我也喜欢，一个人什么事情都做不了，我还是喜欢，感觉迟钝我喜欢，你的笑脸我最喜欢。 —— 岩井俊二 《虹之间》
浮世万千，吾爱有三。 日，月与卿。 日为朝，月为暮， 卿为朝朝暮暮。
我喜欢你 认真且怂 从一而终.
瀑布的水逆流而上， 蒲公英种子从远处飘回，聚成伞的模样， 太阳从西边升起，落向东方。 子弹退回枪膛， 运动员回到起跑线上， 我交回录取通知书，忘了十年寒窗。 厨房里飘来饭菜的香， 你把我的卷子签好名字， 关掉电视，帮我把书包背上。 你还在我身旁。 —— 香港中文大学微情书大赛 《你还在我身旁》
“Her hand holding his for a dozen paces. His, resting on the small of her back for a moment. Touches that had no real purpose but to say I’m here and We are together still.” ― Veronica Rossi, Under the Never Sky
你剥开一个橘子，发现很酸，就把它丢了，可是你知道吗，那就是它的全部。
“He was sound asleep, his long legs stretched out in front of him, the blessed fire blazing, an empty bottle of wine by his side. He hadn't been shaved recently, and he looked rumpled, dissolute and beautiful. Like a fallen angel. She moved to stand in front of him and pointed the pistol directly at his heart. "I wouldn't do that if I were you," he murmured, and then he opened his extraordinary eyes. "It's always unwise to shoot the man you're in love with.” ― Anne Stuart, The Devil's Waltz
这个世界上最残忍的一句话，不是对不起，也不是我恨你，而是，我们再也回不去。 —— 夏七夕 《我和你的笑忘书之蓝色气球和苏夏》
我一直在想，我到底是喜欢你， 还是需要一个影子，放在心里，让我喜欢。
每一次告别，最好用力一点。多说一句，可能是最后一句。多看一眼，可能是最后一眼。 —— 韩寒 《后会无期(韩寒电影)》
“He hugged her hard. "I love you. My life is so much better with you in it than out of it.” ― Cindy Gerard, To the Brink
“I'm ready for something private, private and real” ― Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry
“何为孤寂？”“清风，艳日，无笑意。”“可否具体？”“左拥，右抱，无情欲。”“可否再具体？”“不得你。” “何为美人？”“纤手，漾眸，柔腰肢。”“可否具体？”“橘子香气。”“可否再具体？”“汝。” “何为思兮？”“惦念，不语，乱了心。”“可否具体？”“失神差可拟。”“可否再具体？”“哪里都是你。” “何为幸？”“考功名，登龙门，两袖清风。”“可否具体？”“居高位，掌大权，坐拥天下。”“可否再具体？”“独有你。” “何为不甘？”“求之不得。”“可否具体？”“得而失之。”“可否再具体？”“得你、失你。” “何为伴侣？”“柴米，油盐，木栅栏”“可否具体？”“粗茶，淡饭，执子手”“可否再具体？”“和你。” 《网易云音乐评论》
他喜欢她，无关爱情。她幸福了，于是他也幸福了。 —— 宫崎骏 《千与千寻》
你来人间一趟，你要看看太阳， 和你的心上人，一起走在街上。 —— 海子 《夏天的太阳》
如果世界真的不喜欢你，那世界就是我的敌人了。 —— 江南 《龙族》
你微微地笑着，不同我说什么话。而我觉得，为了这个，我已等待得很久了。 —— 泰戈尔 《飞鸟集》
一个人害怕孤独，两个人害怕辜负 —— 刘同 《你的孤独，虽败犹荣》
长相思兮长相忆，短相思兮无穷极，早知如此绊人心，何若当初无相识。 —— 李白 《秋风词(李白)》
“Lori sat way back in her chair and gave him the once-over. "What in the world's gotten into Ben Lawson? jokes? Flirting? Maybe I should sleep with Molly. I think she's got a magic hooha.” ― Victoria Dahl, Talk Me Down
我肯定成不了最配你的人，可是我要用最好的我来配你。 —— 顾漫 《杉杉来吃》
“I reached down and picked up a baseball bat at my feet and I flung it as hard as it could. It circled and arced high in the air until it slammed against the side of the dining hall with a crack and fell. I sat down in the dirt. Then I lay down in the dirt. Because not only was there no trail to follow, there was no evidence he’d ever been here. There was no evidence any of them had been here.” ― Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass
他不是你喜欢的那种人，却是你喜欢的那个人。 —— 张皓宸 《你是最好的自己》
“Okay,” he said, his breath hitching, his hands shaking like hell as he pried her arms from around his neck and set her away. Deep breath. Another. "Okay. Just...um. Okay. Christ. Christ, Darcy, I want you so bad I'm afraid I'm going to hurt you.” ― Cindy Gerard, To the Brink
你怎么能说他脑子进水了呢？前提是，也要有脑子啊。 《爱情公寓》
“This is the us you wanted us to be, Gwen.” ― Kristen Ashley, Mystery Man
遇见是两个人的事，离开却是一个人的决定，遇见是一个开始，离开却是为了遇见下一个离开。这是一个流行离开的世界，但是我们都不擅长告别。 —— 米兰・昆德拉 《生活在别处》
你是我半生里消磨不尽的颓唐 蹉跎岁月亦难忘却的痴心妄想
“I’d kill for you, Tess. I have killed for you. Don’t undermine me by fearing others. Fear me. Let me rule you!” ― Pepper Winters, Quintessentially Q
“It doesn’t hurt much. I don’t know how it looks” – he lowered his hand and turned his face to the side – “but it can’t be that bad. What do you think? You’d date me, right?” Alex pushed him away, grinning. “You’re an idiot.” ― Al Stone, Talisman of El
“Sarah, honey, I hardly think kidnappers are going to take the time to buy a memento of their stay. I could be wrong, but it seems rather unlikely.” ― Christine Feehan, Magic in the Wind
“I had come to the conclusion that everyone took sex far too seriously. I mean, it's only sex.” ― Chloe Thurlow, The Secret Life of Girls
这个世界上有六十几亿人口 但某个瞬间 只有这一个人 就能敌得过千军万马 四海潮生 —— 独木舟 《月亮说它忘记了》
男人是泥，女人是水。泥多了，水浊；水多了，泥稀。不多不少，捏两个泥人――好一对神仙眷侣。 —— 三毛 《亲爱的三毛》
其实最难过的不是分手，而是分手以后，你发现她还是过得挺好的，很快有了新的男朋友，有了新的生活。而你这可怜虫还活在过去，梦中有她，醒来后的那种怅然若失，突然感觉特别对不起自己，还把自己弄得一团糟。突然就很想念以前的那段感情，我的世界谁都不像你，你的世界谁都可以是我。 ――网易云热评《忘了我》Fine乐团
“He needed to gather her up, hold on to her, anything to help her stop trembling. Something was going to shake loose if she didn’t.” ― Tara Janzen, Crazy Sweet
“Víš jak chutná sníh?" "Ne." "Tak zkus chytit vločku na jazyk." Předváděl jsem ti jak. V tu chvíli jsi stála u mě. "Dáš mi ochutnat?” ― Nikki Finn, Outsider
“I stare at him. "You can't risk not winning. Not because of me." Sean doesn't lift his eyes from the counter. "We make our move when you make yours. You on the inside, me on the outside. Corr can come from the middle of the pack; he's done it before. It's one side you won't have to worry about." I say, "I will not be your weakness, Sean Kendrick." Now he looks at me. He says, very softly, "It's late for that, Puck.” ― Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races
“No, Susanna, " he said. "I cannot love you just a little. If that's what you want, you must find a different man." His green eyes were breathtaking in their intensity. His thumb brushed her bottom lip. "Because I can only love you entirely. With everything I am, and everything I ever will be. Body, mind, heart, soul.” ― Tessa Dare, A Night to Surrender
斯人若彩虹，遇上方知有。 —— 文德琳・范・德拉安南 《怦然心动》
No man or woman is worth your tears, and the one who is, won‘t make you cry. 没有人值得你流泪，值得让你这么做的人不会让你哭泣。
“那时候我眼光不好，喜欢了就喜欢了，没有办法。” —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
“Some people come in your life and make you believe that your life is incomplete without them. Then they leave, creating a void in your heart that may fill back with time but will never be complete.” ― Anmol Rawat, A Little Chorus of Love
“He put his hand on my waist, and my heart began to pound, a rougher rhythm than the music. I held my skirt. Our free hands met. His felt warm and comforting and unsettling and bewildering--all at once.” ― Gail Carson Levine, Ella Enchanted
你泼墨了墙角残缺的欲言，于是就渲染出一个没有跌宕的夏天 —— 郭敬明 《夏至未至》
我要的不多，一杯清水，一片面包，一句我爱你；如果奢侈一点，我希望：水是你亲手倒的，面包是你亲手切的，我爱你是你亲口对我说的
“There was a dull pang of regret because it was not the kiss of love which had inflamed her, because it was not love which had held this cup of life to her lips.” ― Kate Chopin, The Awakening
狐狸说：“对我来说，你只是一个小男孩，就像其他成千上万个小男孩一样没有什么两样。我不需要你。你也不需要我。对你来说，我也只是一只狐狸，和其他成千上万的狐狸没有什么不同。但是，如果你驯养了我，我们就会彼此需要。对我来说，你就是我的世界里独一无二的了；我对你来说，也是你的世界里的唯一了。” —— 安东尼・德・圣-埃克苏佩里 《小王子》
古代最美的谎言： 1.帝王：待我君临天下，许你四海为家； 2.国臣：待我了无牵挂，许你浪迹天涯； 3.将军：待我半生戎马，许你共话桑麻； 4.书生：待我功成名达，许你花前月下； 5.侠客：待我名满华夏，许你当歌纵马； 6.琴师：待我弦断音垮，许你青丝白发； 7.面首：待我不再有她，许你淡饭粗茶； 8.情郎：待我高头大马，许你嫁衣红霞； 9.农夫：待我富贵荣华，许你十里桃花； 10.僧人：待我一袭袈裟，许你相思放下。
你走，我不送你；你来，无论多大的风雨，我要去接你。 —— 梁实秋 《送行》
“You are well aware of your effect on women, and I'm sure it gratifies you no end to watch them sigh and salivate over your magnificent physique. I do not wish to spoil your fun, Dain, but I do ask you to consider my pride and refrain from embarrassing me in public." Women...sighing and salivating...over his magnificent physique. Maybe the brutal bedding had destroyed a part of her brain.” ― Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels
“Does he tell you that you’re all he thinks about? Does he tell you that he lives for you? That he breathes for you? That he dreams of you every damn moment, awake and asleep? Does he tell you any of that?’ He pauses to look at me and I try to keep a blank face. ‘No, I didn’t think so,’ he says quietly.” ― Mila Gray, Come Back to Me
世间所有的相遇，都是久别重逢。 —— 白落梅 《世间所有相遇都是久别重逢》
“Yes. And when a rake finally falls, he falls forever.” ― Anne Gracie, The Perfect Rake
“Ronan hadn't known anything about who Adam was then and, if possible, he'd known even less about who he himself was, but as they drove away from the boy with the bicycle, this was how it had begun: Ronan leaning back against his seat and closing his eyes and sending up a simple, inexplicable, desperate prayer to God: Please.” ― Maggie Stiefvater, Call Down the Hawk
有一天女孩问男孩：ABCDEFG是什么意思？男孩回答：A boy can do everything for girl。
世界上最爱我的女人已经让我爸娶了 世界上最爱我的男人已经嫁给了我妈
“The price of love is always just above that what your heart can afford” ― Colin Tegerdine, You Can't Google Life
“Being heartbroken doesn’t mean you stop feeling. Just the opposite — it means you feel it all more. With your heart in fragments, every sensation is sharper, every emotion more acute. Your feelings are enhanced, like a blind man with an impeccable sense of smell, or a deaf woman whose eyes can perceive things a normal person would never recognize. The brokenhearted are the best empaths of all.” ― Julie Johnson, Erasing Faith
一见钟情,明明是见色起意. 日久生情,不过是权衡利弊. 连白头到老, 都只是习惯使然. —— 安逸 《这咬人的爱》
“He’s more myself than I am” ― Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights
“I started to kiss him back, slower and clumsy where his had been sure, practiced. I was worried I was doing it wrong, but then a deep sound came from him, almost a growl and instinctively I knew it was a sound of approval.” ― J. Lynn, Wait for You
世界对着它的爱人，把他浩瀚的面具揭下来。它变小了，小如一首歌，小如一回永恒的接吻。 —— 泰戈尔 《飞鸟集》
“A framed photo on a dusty bookshelf caught his attention; he moved closer and picked it up silently. A small girl with long blond hair was standing under a tree, her face tilted up in delight as its feathery leaves brushed across her face, framing it. A willow tree. Willow.” ― L. A. Weatherly, Angel Burn
一生只谈一次恋爱是最好的，经历的太多了，会麻木；分离多了，会习惯；换恋人多了，会比较；到最后，你不会再相信爱情。其实对于爱情，越单纯越幸福！
我知道何时止步，何时放手，何时前行。但是，我“知道”不代表我“能够”。
“He pointed a shaking finger at her. 'You,' he growled. She jerked glances over both of her shoulders looking for the unfortunate You he was addressing. Her. Holy shite, this madman had settled on her.” ― Kresley Cole , A Hunger Like No Other
“The world isn’t always what’s right in front of you, you know? It’s below, it’s above, it’s out there somewhere. Every burn of every light inside every house I see when I look down from the rooftop has a story. Sometimes we just need to change our perspective. And when I look down at everything, I remember that there’s more out there than just what’s going on in my house—the bullshit with my dad, school, my future. I look at all those full houses, and I remember, I’m just one of many. It’s not to say we’re not special or important, but it’s comforting, I guess. You don’t feel so alone.” ― Penelope Douglas, Punk 57
你可知那句“待我长发及腰”的原句有多美？ 这是一封书信: 待我长发及腰，将军归来可好？此身君子意逍遥，怎料山河萧萧。天光乍破遇，暮雪白头老。 寒剑默听奔雷，长枪独守空壕。醉卧沙场君莫笑，一夜吹彻画角。江南晚来客，红绳结发梢。 【回信】： 待卿长发及腰，我必凯旋回朝。昔日纵马任逍遥，俱是少年英豪。东都霞色好，西湖烟波渺。执枪血战八方，誓守山河多娇。应有得胜归来日，与卿共度良宵。盼携手终老，愿与子同袍。
五月是一个充满可能的月份，只有在五月，“May I love you”才能由“我可以爱你吗”翻译成“在五月，我爱你。”早 《新浪女性》
用我三生烟火，换你一世迷离。 —— 蒲松龄 《聊斋志异》
青春是一场大雨，即使感冒了，还盼望回头再淋它一次。 —— 九把刀 《那些年，我们一起追的女孩》
谎言和誓言的区别在于，一个是听的人当真了，一个是说的人当真了。 —— 夏七夕 《后来我们都哭了》
“I'm in love with you" Finally, the girl looks at me. "What?" "I don't know." I gesture to the house, the yard, the dirt surrounding us. "I'm not sure what suggested romance. Maybe it was the screaming match or the way my girlfriend kicked my ass to the ground, but I love you." Her mouth gapes. "I...I..." "I don't want you to say it back now. One of us should have some class.” ― Katie McGarry, Take Me On
“I knew I couldn’t trust my illogical heart, and that meant I had to do everything in my power to stay away from him so I wouldn’t have to.” ― Catherine Doyle, Vendetta
纽扣第一颗就扣错了，可你扣到最后一颗才发现；有些事一开始就是错的，可只有到最后才不得不承认。
朋友问我“有喜欢的人吗？” 本能的回答道“没有啦。” 但是脑海中却浮现出你的面容。 —— 北川理惠 《三行情书》
“He was the most ordinary man in all the world, and yet in her memory he'd become luminous, like the prince in a fairy tale.” ― Cheryl Strayed, Torch
有一美人兮，见之不忘，一日不见兮，思之如狂。 —— 司马相如 《凤求凰》
愿多年之后的你依旧笑靥如花 轻描淡写把过往和我只当笑话
“I don’t think I’ve ever referred to any girl I dated as my girlfriend. I think that would freak me out. Even the girl that I dated for two years in college I don’t think I ever referred to her as my girlfriend.” “How would you introduce her?” I asked. “I’m just going to say her name,” he said.” ― Daniel Amory, Minor Snobs
向来缘浅，奈何情深。 已然情深，何惧缘浅。 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
如果结局不是我想要的，那么我宁愿不去参与这个过程。我有我的骄傲，凭什么为了你去卑微自己！
生命中的全部偶然，其实都是命中注定。是为宿命。 —— 东野圭吾 《宿命》
“Anne, look here. Can’t we be good friends?” For a moment Anne hesitated. She had an odd, newly awakened consciousness under all her outraged dignity that the half-shy, half-eager expression in Gilbert’s hazel eyes was something that was very good to see. Her heart gave a quick, queer little beat. But the bitterness of her old grievance promptly stiffened up her wavering determination. That scene of two years before flashed back into her recollection as vividly as if it had taken place yesterday. Gilbert had called her “carrots” and had brought about her disdain before the whole school. Her resentment, which to other and older people might be as laughable as its cause, was in no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly. She hated Gilbert Blythe! She would never forgive him!” ― L.M. Montgomery
我还是很喜欢你，像探究无人问津的秘密，越深入越着迷 我还是很喜欢你，像候鸟飞出天际，我痴候你无期 我还是很喜欢你，像流水不曾歇息，我漂泊他乡寻你 我再也不喜欢你，如昏鸦叫声凄凌，叹世间情人几多离 我再也不喜欢你，誓言终成无期，你远走他乡的执意 我再也不喜欢你，从此以后我复从前般张扬任性，只是未曾动过心
“Be careful with my fiancée. I love her more than life itself. Nick...You make me all fluttery. No one has ever made me fluttery. How do you that? Ridiculously pleased he smiled. What can I say? It's magic. Take care, babe.” ― Marie Force, Fatal Consequences
我喜欢你，是那种一想到你的名字，心里动辄海啸山鸣的喜欢。
“You’re my woman. Of course I’m responsible for you. It’s my highest duty in life to take care of you, protect you. -Jason Dorsey” ― Jasinda Wilder, Falling into Us
“This apartment isn't home for either of us, but we're home for each other, and that's what makes every small wall fall away so I only focus on him.” ― Adam Silvera, What If It's Us
“My mate is really, really weird. She is also absolutely covered in brown, mushy clay. She laughs and holds a large lump up to show it to me. Her mouth moves, and she makes enough noise to scare away a group of birds near the shore. She is so, so strange.” ― Shay Savage, Transcendence
你说，沧山映水，晚落芳菲。后来，韶华如梦，柳碎花殇。 你说，青山落日，映水东流，后来，残月偏西，空谷幽幽。 你说，陋室闻香，西亭酌酒。后来，轩窗听雨，海棠依旧。 你说，百世一梦，轻呵素手。后来，遥望远步，君可知否？ 你说，词凉鸿案，月残风骤。后来，减玉罗衣，每每消瘦。 你说，夜雨枫桥，十里画廊。后来，妆残泪滴，疏影横窗。 你说，揽腰长桥，鸳鸯丝扣。后来，行云如诉，暗吞声透。
缘起，在人群中，我看见你。 缘灭，我看见你，在人群中。
One day someone will walk into your life, then you realize love was always worth waiting for. 有一天那个人走进了你的生命，你就会明白，真爱总是值得等待的.
“姐，如果有一个人深深伤害了你，你怎么才能原谅他？” “呵，原谅他是上帝的事儿，我的任务是送他去见上帝！” 《爱情公寓》
这辈子我们需要一见钟情很多人，两情相悦一些人，然后白头偕老一个人。 —— 刘同 《谁的青春不迷茫》
我没有很刻意的去想念你，因为我知道，遇到了就应该感恩，路过了就需要释怀。我只是在很多很多的小瞬间，想起你。比如一部电影，一首歌，一句歌词，一条马路和无数个闭上眼睛的瞬间。 —— 张小娴 《思念往昔》
“I can't bring myself to trust you. But even if you were to betray me, and even if you were to become my enemy... would it be okay for me to love? Could you... let me love you?” ― Ryohgo Narita, バッカーノ！1710 Crack Flag
听别人的故事，流自己的泪。 《爱情公寓》
我再也不要看见她哭的样子了，就算我从此从她心目中消失。 —— 工藤新一 《名侦探柯南》
“Marriages maybe made in heaven, but a lot of the details have to be worked out here on earth. ” ― Gloria Pitzer
“I am the highway and a peregrine and all the sails that ever went to sea” ― Robert James Waller, The Bridges of Madison County
暗恋是默默喜欢又无言 暗恋是沉沉喜欢不表现 暗恋是不厌倦 暗恋是孜孜不倦的执着 暗恋可能都是失落 暗恋也许永无结果 暗恋是永远不悔爱过 山有木兮木有枝 心悦君兮君不知
多少人以友谊的名义，爱着一个人. —— 大卫・尼克斯 《One Day》
“But I can't remember anymore what it's like to not be happy.” ― Mariana Zapata, The Wall of Winnipeg and Me
每一个不懂爱的人，都会遇到一个懂爱的人，然后经历一场撕心裂肺的爱情。不懂爱的人慢慢懂了，懂爱的人，却不敢再爱了。
“Lie beside me, oh my beloved! For thy thorns are more pleasurable than the petals of the world. Hold me in thy arms of hope, for the truth of separation can rest tonight.” ― Faraaz Kazi
“Embrace relational uncertainty. It's called romance. Embrace spiritual uncertainty. It's called mystery. Embrace occupational uncertainty. It's called destiny. Embrace emotional uncertainty. It's called joy. Embrace intellectual uncertainty. It's called revelation.” ― Mark Batterson, In a Pit with a Lion on a Snowy Day: How to Survive and Thrive When Opportunity Roars
待我长发及腰，少年娶我可好。待你青丝绾正，铺十里红妆可愿。 却怕长发及腰，少年倾心他人。待你青丝绾正，笑看君怀她笑颜。 —— 何晓道 《十里红妆女儿梦》
在季节的车上，如果你要提前下车，请别推醒装睡的我，这样我可以沉睡到终点，假装不知道你已经离开。 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
“The paradox of love is that to have it is to want to preserve it because it's perfect in the moment but that preservation is impossible because the perfection is only ever an instant passed through. Love like travel is a series of moments that we immediately leave behind. Still we try to hold on and embalm against all evidence and common sense proclaiming our promises and plans. The more I loved him the more I felt hope. But hope acknowledges uncertainty and so I also felt my first premonitions of loss.” ― Elisabeth Eaves, Wanderlust: A Love Affair with Five Continents
如果你讨厌我，我一点也不介意，我活着不是为了取悦你。
自己越在乎的人自己就越不能承受他对自己不好。 —— 郭敬明 《梦里花落知多少》
① 我害怕， 我会永远是那孤独的根号三。 三本身是一个多么美妙的数字， 我的这个三， 为何躲在那难看的根号下。 我多么希望自己是一个九， 因为九只需要一点点小小的运算， 便可摆脱这残酷的厄运。 我知道自己很难再看到我的太阳 就像这无休无止的 1.7321………… 我不愿我的人生如此可悲。 直到那一天， 我看到了， 另一个根号三。 —— 陆展博 《爱情公寓》
“I've just vowed my love for you. Have you nothing to say in return?" Duncan asked. "Thank you, husband.” ― Julie Garwood, Honor's Splendour
“Dain kept his gaze on his plate and concentrated on swallowing the morsel he'd just very nearly choked on. She was possessive... about him. The beautiful, mad creature - or blind and deaf creature, or whatever she was - coolly announced it as one might say, "Pass the salt cellar," without the smallest awareness that the earth had just tilted on its axis.” ― Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels
回忆里的人是不能去见的，去见了，回忆就没了。 —— 卢思浩 《愿有人陪你颠沛流离》
我再也不会在你身后,你也不必再回头。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
流年似水，太过匆匆，一些故事来不及真正开始，就被写成了昨天；一些人还没有好好相爱，就成了过客。 —— 白落梅 《你若安好便是晴天――林微因传》
人和猪比起来，猪永远是猪，人却有时候不是人 《爱情公寓》
“The Rom believe you should take the road that calls to you, and never turn back. Because you never know what adventures await.” He reached for her slowly, giving her every opportunity to object. Through the cottony gauze of her nightgown, he touched the curve of her hips. He brought her close, into his hard weight. “So we’re going to take this road,” he murmured, “and see where it leads.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight
“Why have you been staring at me ever since we met? Because I’m not the Gail Wynand you’d heard about. You see, I love you. And love is exception-making. If you were in love you’d want to be broken, trampled, ordered, dominated, because that’s the impossible, in the inconceivable for you in your relations with people. That would be the one gift, the great exception you’d want to offer the man you loved. But it wouldn’t be easy for you.” ― Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead
“Now that I've found you, it scares me witless to think of anything happening. To you. I'm not used to being... afraid." A sudden realization came to her, "So this is love," she said quietly. "The daily prospect of joy or disaster” ― Zoe Archer, Warrior
“I've been noble since they took you to the hospital," he said through his teeth. "I'm tired of it. I don't eat, I don't sleep, I can't even work. I remember your voice moaning in my ear like the cry of the damned while I was having you," he bit off, bending to her mouth. "You couldn't get enough of me. You couldn't get close enough to me. Your face when I fulfilled you....I ache every time I think about it.” ― Diana Palmer, Lawless
世事如书，我偏爱你这一句，愿做个逗号，待在你脚边。但你有自己的朗读者，而我只是个摆渡人。 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
忘川之畔，于君长相憩 烂泥之中，与君发相缠 心无可表，唯有魂一缕 灵犀一炉，枯骨曼陀罗 孟汤难饮，求一眼回眸 千世轮回，终是泪眼望 《灵魂摆渡》
“You take my heart with you, my loving captor." "Nay, Madelyne. I am your captive in body and soul.” ― Julie Garwood, Honor's Splendour
谁的新欢不是别人的旧爱
“My whole life I though I was the star of an overly earnest romance movie, and it turns out I was in a goddamned buddy comedy all along.” ― John Green, Turtles All the Way Down
“And givin' yourself to me can never be wrong” ― Marvin Gaye
每颗行星有自己的轨道 把亲近的人想成行星 有时只是望着他们转动发光 便很美好
我多想拥抱你，可惜时光之里山南水北，可惜你我中间人来人往。
每个人心底都有那么一个人，已不是恋人，也成不了朋友。时间过去，无关乎喜不喜欢，总会很习惯的想起你，然后希望你一切都好。 —— 田反 《你是我学生又怎样》
人生最遗憾的，莫过于轻易地放弃了不该放弃的，固执地坚持了不该坚持的
我打江南走过 那等在季节里的容颜如莲花的开落 东风不来，三月的柳絮不飞 你的心如小小寂寞的城 恰若青石的街道向晚 跫音不响，三月的春帷不揭 你底心是小小的窗扉紧掩 我达达的马蹄是美丽的错误 我不是归人，是个过客…… —— 郑愁予 《错误》
我爱你，不光因为你的样子，还因为和你在一起时我的样子； 我爱你，不光因为你为我而做的事，还因为为了你我能做成的事； 我爱你，因为你能唤出我最真的那部分，我心里最美丽的地方被你的光芒照得通亮。
“Love fades, mine has. ~Dimitri Belikov~” ― Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound
两情若是久长时，又岂在朝朝暮暮。 —— 秦观 《鹊桥仙·纤云弄巧》
你知道我喜欢的人是谁么， 不知道的话请参考我说的第一个字。 《最撩人的情话是什么？》
“See what love does? It makes you weak. Kills you." Warm breath feathered over her scalp as Remy pressed a gentle kiss to the top of her head. "It also gives people something to live for," he whispered.” ― Sydney Croft, Riding the Storm
我们都会上岸，阳光万里，去哪里都是鲜花开放。 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
我们都忘记了，以后的岁月还有那么漫长，漫长到我可以重新喜欢上一个人，就像当初喜欢你一样．可是，真的可以像喜欢你一样地去喜欢他么？ —— 郭敬明 《夏至未至》
适当的悲哀可以表示感情的深切，过度的伤心却可以证明智慧的欠缺。 —— 莎士比亚 《罗密欧与朱丽叶》
“All masculine, hard-bodied and sensual, he was a deadly weapon sent by the gods to drive women mad, and a walking billboard for all things wicked and carnal. Orgasms! Get your orgasms here. Hot and juicy! Just how you like ‘em!” ― Lisa Sanchez, Eve of Samhain
“Hey,” Shayne said through the door. “You going to stay in there all night, because we’re getting tired of trying to eavesdrop from out here. Can’t hear a damn thing.” ― Jill Shalvis, Smart and Sexy
有一辆列车在你面前，列车员问你，“小伙子，你要上车吗？”你就问，“这车去哪，下一站什么时候到，车上还有座位吗？”火车早就开走了，你只能等下一辆。可是下一辆来了你还是面临同样的问题。等了很久，别人已经到西伯利亚了，你还在车站上。 管他呢，上去呀。火车是朝前开的，去哪儿并不重要，关键在于窗外的风景。等你下了火车，你就会感谢我的，因为就算有辆飞机停在旁边你也会二话不说的冲上去的，因为你嫌火车太慢了…… —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
“She flew into his arms. Held on tight as he swung her off her feet and hugged her so hard it hurt. She didn't care. She didn't want him to ever let go.” ― Cindy Gerard, To the Brink
“很喜欢宫崎骏说过一句话:“你住的城市 下雨了,很想问你有没有带伞.可是我忍住了,因为我怕你说没带,而我又无能为力,就像是我爱你,却给不到你想要的陪伴.”可有人却说过一句话:“我们在的城市下雨了,很想问你有没有带伞,可是我忍住了,因为我怕你说没带,我说我给你送伞吧,你说不用,我跑着回去就行了.就像是我爱你,你却不需要我的陪伴.”
“Here's the deal. I get to marry you. You get to become a Garrett - although, considering what you're marrying into, I'm not certain that's much of an incentive." Dallas to Amy” ― Cindy Gerard, Into the Dark
“I couldn’t remember a time when I felt the type of love Miruna had. Eternal love. The kind which keeps one going when one is ninety and alone.” ― M. R. Noble, Karolina Dalca, Dark Eyes
时光究竟带走了多少个无法丈量的年华，以至于在回首时，弥漫的大雾几乎隔断了天 —— 郭敬明 《夏至未至》
“Not even a repeat of Dawson’s Creek makes me feel better.” ― Susane Colasanti
“When you can be this, why are you ever anything else? - Broken Verses” ― Kamila Shamsie
你生活在一个可以没有我的世界，我居住在一个只有你的天空。 —— 几米 《想你了，你却不知道》
“She didn’t sound overjoyed. She didn’t sound even slightly joyed.” ― Sarah Mayberry, Can't Get Enough
“I've crossed a world of sand and tears in search of you.” ― V.S. Carnes, Sand for Dreams
我遇见那么多人，可为什么偏偏是你，看起来最应该是过客的你，却在我心里占据这么重要的位子。 —— 大卫・尼克斯 《One Day》
“To the beginning of the rest of our lives. —Leo” ― Sherry Thomas, Not Quite a Husband
“I want to be part of your story. I want your story to rearrange the symbols in my mind. I want your voice to be my voice.” ― David Bowles, The Blue-Spangled Blue
“How can you do sin with hands you used for prayers?” ― Nimra Ahmed, Jannat Kay Pattay / جنت کے پتے
结局已经如此，原因已经不再重要了 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
“Put me down, I’m too heavy.” “You’re small enough to fit in my pocket.” ― Sarah Mayberry, The Last Goodbye
“You don't think I'm going to deflower you under your father's roof, do you?” ― Amanda Ashley, Dead Perfect
玲珑骰子安红豆，入骨相思知不知。 —— 温庭筠 《南歌子词二首 / 新添声杨柳枝词》
“Alpha bitches are all the same underneath. Don't know how to give an inch even if their damn fool lives depend on it.” ― Moira Rogers, A Safe Harbor
“She leaned against the bridge’s warm marble balustrade, and looked as far down the darkening canal as the setting sun would allow. She wondered if others appreciated Venice’s beauty and fragility as deeply as she had come to or if, like a raging fever, the city infected some while avoiding others. She sighed at the grandeur and at the resilience that surrounded her, and she promised herself she’d try to be more like Venice.” ― Marie Ohanesian Nardin, Beneath the Lion's Wings
人生何必如初见， 但求相看两不厌 。 —— 蔡康永 《新浪微博》
“Dearest Cecilia, the story can resume. The one I had been planning on that evening walk. I can become again the man who once crossed the surrey park at dusk, in my best suit, swaggering on the promise of life. The man who, with the clarity of passion, made love to you in the library. The story can resume. I will return. Find you, love you, marry you and live without shame.” ― Ian McEwan, Atonement
“Love is supposed to be based on trust, and trust on love, it's something rare and beautiful when people can confide in each other without fearing what the other person will think.” ― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,
“....And then I turned and saw a guy staring at me.... "What are you looking at, idiot?" I asked, giving him the sneer that had served me so well. "My future wife. The mother of my children.” ― Kristan Higgins, My One and Only
“Your life is a book; make it a bestseller.” ― Shanon Grey
“The unhappiest people I know, romantically speaking, are the ones who like pop music the most; and I don't know whether pop music has caused this unhappiness, but I do know that they've been listening to the sad songs longer than they've been living the unhappy lives.” ― Nick Hornby, High Fidelity
宁愿高傲地发霉，也不要委屈地恋爱。 —— 张小娴 《流浪的面包树》
“Careful," he smiled, "I'm lethal.” ― Nely Cab, Creatura
“Would you favor me with a dance?" Over all the others I was his choice! I curtsied, and he took my hand. Our hands knew each other. Char looked at me, startled. "Have we met before, Lady?” ― Gail Carson Levine, Ella Enchanted
“Well,” she finally said, “he’s coming back shortly, so you are absolved of your responsibilities.” “No.” The word came from him like an oath, emerging from the very core of his being. She looked at him in impatient confusion. “What do you mean?” He stepped forward. He wasn’t sure what he was doing. He knew only that he couldn’t stop. “I mean no. I don’t want to be absolved.” Her lips parted. He took another step. His heart was pounding, and something within him had gone hot, and greedy, and if there was anything in the world besides her, besides him—he did not know it. “I want you,” he said, the words blunt, and almost harsh, but absolutely, indelibly true. “I want you,” he said again, and he reached out and took her hand. “I want you.” “Marcus, I—” “I want to kiss you,” he said, and he touched one finger to her lips. “I want to hold you.” And then, because he couldn’t have kept it inside for one second longer, he said, “I burn for you.” He took her face in his hands and he kissed her. He kissed her with everything that had been building within him, every last aching, hungry burst of desire. Since the moment he had realized he loved her, this passion had been growing within him. It had probably been there all along, just waiting for him to realize it. He loved her.” ― Julia Quinn, Just Like Heaven
“You teach people how to treat you by what you accept.” ― Diamond Drake, Imagined Love
“It's all life is. Just going 'round kissing people.” ― F. Scott Fitzgerald, Gatsby Girls
“And baby, the way you move me it's crazy” ― Ray Lamontagne
I am not happy beca se ... 《英文三行情书大赛》
如果你喜欢我，碰巧我也喜欢你。就算你因为种种原因现在不想谈，你可以先告诉我。我等你就是了。 —— 韩寒 《青春(韩寒著图书)》
最好的恋情是，你可以彻底地做自己，并且你的另一半依然迷恋真实的你。
她可以褪色，可以枯萎，怎样都可以，但只要我看她一眼，万般柔情便涌上心头。 —— 纳博科夫 《洛丽塔》
“I live my life until I start the cycle of my dreams,then I leave and search for you until I die.When I come back,I live to remember,I live to find you” ― Molly Bryant, Wandering Souls
总有一个人，一直住在心里，却告别在生活里。忘不掉的是回忆，继续的是生活，来来往往身边出现了很多人，总有一个位置，一直没有变。看看温暖的阳光，偶尔还是会想一想。
天还未黑，云怎敢灰；雨还未下，风怎敢吹；瓜还未熟，秧怎敢枯；花还未落，树怎敢死；你还未嫁，我怎敢老。 —— 汪国妈着多子家将 《怎敢》
你有没有那么一刻， 抱着某人， 感觉就像拥有了整个世界。 《三行情书》
“He can’t take his eyes off the stars, but I can’t take mine off his face. I can see the stars reflected in his eyes, can see the wonder of it in the way his mouth opens but no sound comes out. His eyes, his face—they’re beautiful.” ― Amie Kaufman, This Shattered World
“You aren't even angry with me anymore, Stefan, so let me up." He didn't budge. "It would be a misconception on your part, little Tanya, if you are thinking I have to be angry to make love to you." His head bent, his lips grazing her cheek all the way to her ear. With his warm breath sending tingles all over her, he continued in a whisper, "I wanted you last night, today a dozen times, right now more than ever. Tell me to love you, Tanya. Demand it of me!” ― Johanna Lindsey, Once a Princess
“I'm doing what I've always done. Loving you and hoping you'll be brave enough to love me back.” ― HelenKay Dimon, Leave Me Breathless
我爱的不多， 一分钟只爱了你六十秒。
时间，可以了解爱情，可以证明爱情，也可以推翻爱情。
“There are definite advantages to single beds." He sat up abruptly and arranged her legs around his waist. "Makes cuddling mandatory.” ― Cindy Gerard, To the Brink
“She is by my side, as my sister, but he is my soul. He is my enemy, my tormentor, my demon. He is my beloved.” ― Gillian Shields, Immortal
“喂，你等一下。” “干啥？” “我喜欢你。” “可我不喜欢你啊，你谁啊？” “我只是通知你一下，没问你意见。” —— 乔一 《我不喜欢这世界，我只喜欢你》
“He’d done it like he did everything else—with passion and total disregard for how much it might embarrass her.” ― Kaylea Cross, No Turning Back
“Most lasses like it when a man kills the bugs. Along with reaching high places and giving sexual pleasure, it's one of the few universally popular qualities we have on offer.” ― Tessa Dare, When a Scot Ties the Knot
有些事情，如果不能善始善终，还是莫要开头的好。 —— 司溟 《何处锦绣不灰堆》
“In the past year I’ve learned that love can make you do crazy, silly, stupid, ridiculous things. And the fact that one person can make you feel this way and do those things is amazing to me.” ― Allie Everhart, Promising You
“he is both the source of my happiness and the one i want to share it with. i have to believe that’s a sign.” ― John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson
有人会因为我们的缺点而讨厌我们，但也会有人因为我们的真实而喜欢我们。我们不必让那些本不喜欢我们的人喜欢上自己，而是坚持让那些本该喜欢我们的人尽快发现自己。 —— 刘同 《谁的青春不迷茫》
时光静好，与君语； 细水流年，与君同； 繁华落尽，与君老。 —— 仙枫红叶 《神秘王爷独宠妃》
你看街上来来往往的人群，每个都行色匆匆，遇见了，淡漠的看上一眼，谁也看不穿别人身后的故事，谁也不知道别人的心里，是不是住着这么一个人。 —— 南康白起 《等你到三十五岁》
年少的我，曾以为爱情可以超越一切，那时我不明白，这世上另有一种力量，叫做命运，只可承受，不可改变。 —— 舒仪 《曾有一个人爱我如生命》
“Love enters later in life through the cracks left by the first heartbreak.” ― D. Biswas, A to Z Stories of Life and Death
“He should probably make love to her.” ― Tara Janzen, Crazy Love
“She tastes like every dark thought I've ever had.” ― Holly Black, White Cat
遇到喜欢的人一定要表白，你丑没关系，万一他瞎呢。
“The Cycle of True Love: First I see and think I love, then I say I know I love, today and forever more I decide to love.” ― Michael Sweeney
我知道自己喜欢你。 但我不知道自己将来在哪里。 因为我知道，无论哪里，你都不会带我去。 —— 张嘉佳 《河面下的少年》
“Real is not Dreams, Dreams are not Real, Unless you find the fine line...and erase it” ― C. Elizabeth, Absolute Obsession
“If you ever need to confirm that a girl is worth coming back from Hell for, show her your monster arm and see what she says.” ― Richard Kadrey, Devil Said Bang
世界上有许多种遇见，最美好的， 莫过于，在我最美的时光里与你相遇。 《最美的时光》
南方有嘉木,北方有相思. 嘉木风可催,相思不可断 —— 乐小米 《天已微凉》
有时我也会难过，只是骄傲不让我说
“Helen likes Brussels sprouts. How can anyone trust her opinion?” ― Lisa Kleypas, Marrying Winterborne
秋风清，秋月明，落叶聚还散，寒鸦栖复惊。 —— 李白 《三五七言 / 秋风词》
你要相信世界上一定有你的爱人，无论你此刻正被光芒环绕被掌声淹没，还是当时你正孤独地走在寒冷的街道上被大雨淋湿，无论是飘着小雪的清晨，还是被热浪炙烤的黄昏，他一定会穿越这个世界上汹涌着的人群，他一定会走过他们，走向你。他一定会怀着满腔的热，和目光里沉甸甸的爱，走到你的身边，抓紧你。他会迫不及待地走到你身边，如果他还年轻，那他一定会像顽劣的孩童霸占着自己的玩具不肯与人分享般地拥抱你 。如果他已经不再年轻，那他一定会像披荆斩棘归来的猎人，在你身旁燃起篝火，然后拥抱着你疲惫而放心地睡去。他一定会找到你，你要等。 —— 郭敬明 《小时代》
“He wanted to paddle her himself, then shake her, then sit her down in a chair and explain to her why she must never, ever get herself in a situation where she could be shot at again—and then throw himself at her feet.” ― Tara Janzen, Crazy Love
“أجمل ما في الحب بداياته التي تسبق الاعتراف به بشكلٍ صريحٍ.. وأسوأ ما فيه أن تكون له نهاية حتَّى وإن كانت سعيدة.. فالسّعادة يضيعها الملل والاعتياد، وإن حافظ عليها المحبون تبقى كسلعةٍ مُجمدةٍ، فقدت حيويتها وفائدتها، فليت كل العشاق يحبون من البداية إلى البداية !!” ― شريف عبدالهادي, ملكوت
“I'm sorry, too,' she said. 'For what?' 'For acting mad at you all the time.' 'It's okay,' he said, 'sometimes I like it.' 'But not always.” ― Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park
“When you can’t reach the standards of another’s heart you must ask yourself, "What value do I put on my soul that I would subject myself to such rejection?” ― Shannon Alder, 300 Questions LDS Couples Should Ask Before Marriage
“I was trying to get over you! And it didn’t work. I was meant to walk on this earth with only you, I was meant to give only you every piece of me. I don’t want anyone but you. I love you.” ― Toni Aleo, Taking Shots
“I'm not hungry," Alexander whispered. "I'm famished. Watch out for me. Now, don't make a single sound," he said, moving on top of her. "Tania, God....I'll cover your mouth, just like this, and you hold on to me, just like this, and I'm going to-just like this-” ― Paullina Simons, The Bronze Horseman
“I comfort myself with the reflection that your wife will possibly be able to curb your desire--I admit, a natural one for the most part--to exterminate your fellows.” ― Georgette Heyer, Devil's Cub
红衣佳人白衣友，朝与同歌暮同酒。世人谓我恋长安，其实只恋长安某。 —— 殊同 《我亦好歌亦好酒》
世界上最遥远的距离，不是生与死，而是我就站在你面前，你却不知道我爱你。 —— 张小娴 《荷包里的单人床》
“I have a question for you. "If your shadow is the second most beautiful thing in the world, which is the first?".” ― Amit Kalantri, I Love You Too
“Through their kisses and caresses they experienced a joy and wonder the equal of which has never been known or heard of. But I shall be silent...; for the rarest and most delectable pleasures are those which are hinted at, but never told.” ― Chrétien de Troyes
“Returning my voice to a conversational level, I called back, “Nora, I’m not attempting to embarrass you or single you out. I know you’re capable. But stay behind Chas, okay? You die, you d i e permanently, and for various reasons that we’ve already gotten angsty about together, I don’t want that to happen.” “Okay, okay,” she sighed. “Angsty?” Chas asked. “Ooh! Later, details!” “Yes, later.” With that, I waved the team forward.” ― Lia Habel, Dearly, Departed
有很多话想跟你说，但一直没有机会。我携带着它们穿越季节，掠过高架，铺在山与海之间。花盛开就是一句，夜漫过就是一篇。黄昏开始书写，黎明是无数的扉页。全世界拼成首诗，我爱你当作最后一行。 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
“You ride well, but you don't kiss nicely at all.” ― Thomas Hardy, A Pair of Blue Eyes
“You may marry Miss Grey for her fifteen pounds but you will always be my Willoughby. My nightmare. My sorrow. My past. My mistake. My regret. My love.” ― Shannon L. Alder
我行过许多地方的桥，看过许多次数的云，喝过许多种类的酒， 却只爱过一个正当最好年龄的人。
曾经沧海难为水， 除却巫山不是云。 取次花丛懒回顾， 半缘修道半缘君。 —— 元稹 《离思》
“I am an equation that only she solves, These X's and Y's by other names called, My way of division is desperatley flawed, while I multiply days without her.” ― Maggie Stiefvater, Linger
“We're going' Anne said firmly. So soon?' Percy pleaded. 'But stars come out at night.' Then they fade at dawn', Anne replied. 'This star needs to veil herself in darkness.” ― Philippa Gregory, The Other Boleyn Girl
青春就是这样，好得像是无论怎样度过都会被浪费。 那么，不如浪费在你身上。 —— 八月长安 《最好的我们》
你来，我信你不会走； 你走，我当你没来过。
I was within and without. 我既是旁观者清亦是当局者迷。 —— 菲茨杰拉德 《了不起的盖茨比》
关心一个人成本太高，须掮着热情，担着失望，耗上时间和精神，是件稳赔不赚的事。
“Love . . . is like nature, but in reverse; first it fruits, then it flowers, then it seems to wither, then it goes deep, deep down into its burrow, where no one sees it, where it is lost from sight, and ultimately people die with that secret buried inside their souls.” ― Edna O'Brien, Lantern Slides: Short Stories
对生命而言，接纳才是最好的温柔，不论是接纳一个人的出现，还是，接纳一个人的从此不见。 —— 秋微 《莫失莫忘》
“This isn't your world. It's your parents. Your world is still out there, waiting to be discovered. Always remember that.” ― Carroll Bryant, Last Flight Out
“You try spending six months sitting at somebody's bedside, waiting for them to die and then tell me that the happy-ending love story isn't one of God's good gifts.” ― Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Ain't She Sweet?
有一些人，这辈子都不会在一起，但是有一种感觉却可以藏在心里，守一辈子。
生也是我，死也是我。 胜固欣然，败也从容。 —— 天衣有风 《凤囚凰》
“The start receives such disproportionate attention because it isn't deemed to be just one phase among many; for the Romantic, it contains in a concentrated form everything significant about love as a whole. Which is why, in so many love stories, there is simply nothing else for the narrator to do with a couple after they have triumphed over a range of initial obstacles other than to consign them to an ill-defined contented future--or kill them off. What we typically call love is only the start of love.” ― Alain de Botton, The Course of Love
谁都会害怕失去，尤其是拼了命的珍惜后，却还是什么都留不住。
“Okay, first of all, I didn’t sleep with you to make amends. I slept with you because I wanted to.” He still didn’t say anything, and she pointed at him again. “And you know what? It was your own damn fault. It was those jeans you wear, and the tool belt. It was the size of your hammer!” ― Jill Shalvis, Once in a Lifetime
生命中某些珍贵的片段，其实都来自于一些微不足道的小事。 —— 马克·李维 《偷影子的人》
“Love is the greatest thing life will ever offer you and if you surrender yourself to that love, you must be willing to fight until the very end for it.” ― Jimmy Tudeski, Mila Blitz
“David,you’re my true love, why did we wait so long to get together? I don’t care what the world says. Let’s defy them all, my darling. - Maddy” ― Hailey Abbott, The Other Boy
“I open my eyes. I want to know: what is in the abyss of a kiss? Are stars born in these black caves that house bated breaths and unspoken words? Do our souls crawl on these tender cheeks to greet one another by ivory gates? What happens when we kiss? Where do you go? Don’t tell me. For I have lost my desire to know. Kiss me so that I forget myself. I close my eyes and fall in the abyss.” ― Kamand Kojouri
“We shouldn't be doing this." Dan broke the silence, his voice low. "We would both get in trouble." He stood up. "Let's go back." "We shouldn't be doing what?" I scrambled to my feet. "What exactly are we doing?" "This." "You mean consorting?" "Sure, consorting. Cavorting. Carousing." He paused to take a deep breath. "Kissing." Then he leaned in and pressed his mouth to mine.” ― Leila Sales, Past Perfect
“Anggap aja kamu ikan lele. Bisa berkembang biak di septic tank. Dia hidup bahagia di tempat sampahnya.” ― Dee, Madre: Kumpulan Cerita
在有生的瞬间能遇到你，竟花光所有运气。 —— 林夕 《明年今日》
“Gabriel.' I'm so close to him our lips are almost touching, and then I move closer so our lips are touching as I say his name again. It's like a kiss but it's not really a kiss. And it's nice and I want more. I move my lips without saying his name, still barely touching, then closer, caressing his lips with mine. And he kisses me.” ― Sally Green
“No pain could match the emptiness of separation, no agony rivaled the unreality of not being with her.” ― Scott Spencer, Endless Love
每段青春都会苍老，但我希望记忆里的你一直都好 。
“I’m going to take Charity to France. I can look after her there. You can go on with your life here, and I won’t be here to … to bother anyone.” He muttered two quiet words. “What?” she asked in bewilderment, inching forward to hear him. “I said, try it.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Marrying Winterborne
给时间时间，让过去过去
你说你孤独，就像很久以前，火星照耀十三个州府。 —— 海子 《歌或哭》
“Even if you fall on the runway, I wouldn't blame you. It would mean that we made a mistake in choosing you.” ― Ai Yazawa, Paradise Kiss, Vol. 4
“I force my eyes upward and look at Mia for the first time. She's still beautiful. Not in an obvious Vanessa LeGrande or Bryn Shraeder kind of way. In a quiet way that's always been devastating to me. Her hair, long and dark, is down now, swimming damply against her bare shoulders, which are still milky white and covered with the constellation of freckles that I used to kiss. The scar on her left shoulder, the one that used to be an angry red weld is silvery pink now. Almost like the latest rage in tattoo accessories. Almost pretty.” ― Gayle Forman, Where She Went
“Listen, I know everything you're saying is true. Ellie does need a good man. She needs someone steady. Someone who can offer her a life full of love and security.Unfortunately, she wants me. - Mason” ― Kathy Love, Wanting What You Get
今生将不再见你 只为 再见的 已不是你 心中的你已永不再现 再现的 只是些沧桑的 日月和流年 —— 席慕蓉 《悲歌》
“He will one day meet his true love... A fellow traveler on the road... Her eyes will be his ocean... In her ocean he will sail forever....” ― Kem, Tales of a Chocolate Smuggler: My Life with Dragons
十三 长安 所有人都知道长安归故里，故里有长安 但还有一句叫做:自知山河归故里，不忘清酒慰长安 你说你爱长安，而长安正是因它是十三朝的都城才被世人铭记，我是长安十三朝的十三，我是你放在心尖永远铭记的爱，是你最盛大的繁华，空前绝后，再无第二。
不要我的我不要，不爱我的我不爱，把灯关上连背影都不会存在。 —— 林夕 《不爱我的我不爱》
“可以做朋友吗？”是一段故事的开始。 “还可以做朋友吗？”是一段故事的结束。
“I want you to want me the way I want you. I want you to come to me and tell me that. Then I want you to show me it’s true. - Duke Kylemore to Verity Ashton -” ― Anna Campbell, Claiming the Courtesan
“Maybe I was in love with the idea of love.” ― Shay Savage , Surviving Raine
“Romance is the sweetening of the soul With fragrance offered by the stricken heart.” ― Wole Soyinka, The Lion and the Jewel
“But I talk to you as I talk to my own soul," he said, turning me to face him. He reached up and cupped my cheek, fingers light on my temple. "And, Sassenach," he whispered, "your face is my heart.” ― Diana Gabaldon, Dragonfly in Amber
“Suddenly she felt strong and happy. She was not afraid of the darkness or the fog and she knew with a singing in her heart that she would never fear them again. No matter what mists might curl around her in the future, she knew her refuge. She started briskly up the street toward home and the blocks seemed very long. Far, far too long. She caught up her skirts to her knees and began to run lightly. But this time she was not running from fear. She was running because Rhett's arms were at the end of the street.” ― Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind
“You picked the wrong girl to dominate, Dracula.” ― rebecca zanetti, Fated
“I saw wild, dangerous beauty. I saw devotion. I saw you.” ― Nalini Singh, Heart of Obsidian
“. . . if you can't see the good man he is, you need to unscrew them eyeballs of yours and try on a different pair.” ― Karen Witemeyer, To Win Her Heart
我只是你生活里的一个影子，你却在我的生命里占有重要地位。如果我只是个单纯的过客，为何要让我闯入你的生活？我千百次想过要离开你，但仅凭一己之力我做不到。 —— 马克·李维 《偷影子的人》
“My heart had been touched by him, battered by him, cradled by him as the days passed. He was cruel without meaning to be yet he was kind, and I needed him too much to let myself want him” ― Mackenzie Herbert, Chasing Trains
“Every bride is beautiful. It’s like newborn babies or puppies. They can’t help it.” ― Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar
爱不可怕，可怕的是爱得不够，最可怕的是爱得不够还要勉强。
如果你真的非常喜欢过一个人，就会知道，要真心祝福她跟别人永远幸福快乐，根本是不可能的事。 —— 九把刀 《那些年，我们一起追的女孩》
“I know the rules. I've been living here longer than you have." He cracks a smile then. He nudges me back. "Hardly." "Born and raised. You're a transplant." I nudge him again, a little harder, and he laughs and tries to catch hold of my arm. I squirm away, giggling, and he stretches out to tickle my stomach. "Country bumpkin!" I squeal, as he grabs out and wrestles me back onto the blanket, laughing. "City slicker," he says, rolling over on top of me, and then kisses me. Everything dissolves: heat, explosions of color, floating.” ― Lauren Oliver
“I don't function without a heart, he said angrily and then added under his breath as he grabbed at the front of his Tshirt, He's right here.” ― Giselle Ellis, Take My Picture
我多么希望，有一个门口，早晨，阳光照在草上。我们站着，扶着自己的门窗，门很低，但太阳是明亮的。草在结它的种子，风在摇它的叶子，我们站着，不说话，就十分美好。 —— 顾城 《门前》
一生至少该有一次 ，为了某个人而忘了自己 ， 不求有结果 ，不求同行 ，不求曾经拥有 ， 甚至不求你爱我 ，只求在我最美的年华里 ，遇到你 。
我一生渴望被人收藏好，妥善安放，细心保存。免我惊，免我苦，免我四下流离，免我无枝可依。 但那人，我知，我一直知，他永不会来。 —— 匡匡 《时有女子》
Some of us get dipped in flat, some in satin, some in gloss. But every once in a while you find someone who's iridescent, and when you do, nothing will ever compare. 有些人沦为平庸浅薄，金玉其外，而败絮其中。可不经意间，有一天你会遇到一个彩虹般绚丽的人，从此以后，其他人就不过是匆匆浮云。 —— 文德琳・范・德拉安南 《怦然心动》
我曾路过你的心，不是我不想停留，而是你不肯收留。
“The man irritated her just like a rash.” ― Julie Garwood, Honor's Splendour
人生就像一张有去无回的单程车票，没有彩排，每一场都是现场直播，把握好每次演出便是对人生最好的珍惜。 前途是光明的，道路是曲折的，生活是自己的，成功是拼搏的。 把握现在，畅享人生！ 我们不管做什么事情都要面对人生，逃避不一定躲的过，面对不一定最难受，孤单不一定不快乐，得到不一定会长久，失去不一定不再有，转身不一定最软弱，别急着说别无选择，别以为世界只有对与错，很多事情的答案都不止一个，所以我们有路可以走，你能找个理由难过，也可以找个理由快乐! 《爱情公寓》
“All beautiful distractions, ignites from you.” ― V.S.Atbay - Epiphany A Collection of Poems
“When I am out there, in time, I am inverted, changed into a desperate version of myself. I become a thief, a vagrant, an animal who runs and hides. I startle old women and amaze children. I am a trick, an illusion of the highest order, so incredible that I am actually true.” ― Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife
既是注定要分开，那么天涯的你我，各自安好，是否晴天，已不重要。 —— 白落梅 《你若安好，便是晴天》
“Don’t tell me your name. It’s likely to awaken my conscience, and that’s the last thing we want.” ― Julia Quinn, Ten Things I Love About You
“I paid you five thousand instead and promised the balance only if you made the match. As it turns out, this is your lucky day because I've decided to write you the full check, whether the match comes from you or from Portia. As long as I have a wife and you've been part of the process, you'll get your money." He toasted her with his beer mug. "Congratulations." She put down her fork. "Why would you do that?" "Because it's efficient." "Not as efficient as having Powers handle her own introductions. You're paying her a fortune to do exactly that." "I'd rather have you." Her pulse kicked. "Why?" He gave her the melty smile he must have been practicing since the cradle, one that made her feel as though she was the only woman in the world. "Because you're easier to bully. Do we have a deal or not?" "You don't want a matchmaker. You want a lackey." "Semantics. My hours are erratic, and my schedule changes without warning. It'll be your job to cope with all that. You'll soothe ruffled feathers when I need to cancel at the last minute. You'll keep my dates company when I'm going to be late, entertain them if I have to take a call. If things are going well, you'll disappear. If not, you'll make the woman disappear. I told you before. I work hard at my job. I don't want to have to work hard at this, too." "Basically, you expect me to find your bride, court her, and hand her over at the altar. Or do I have to come on the honeymoon, too?" "Definitely not." He gave her a lazy smile. "I can take care of that all by myself.” ― Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Match Me If You Can
听说，鱼的的记忆只有7秒钟，看见，转身，遗忘。游一圈，就已经不记得自己来时的路
她以为那是她一生中最亮的月光，然而月光再亮，终究冰凉。 —— 辛夷坞 《致我们终将逝去的青春》
我想给他看最好看的我，可最好看的我却已经死了。 —— 唐七公子 《华胥引》
时间会咬人，你不走会满身伤痕。
除非那人，可以使你比单身时过得更好，不然何必为了那人脱离单身。
“New but…good,” Evan said, shaking his head. “A good thing.” Helena caught the look that passed between the two men and it was beautiful…the only word she could think of was beautiful. It was love and lust and such a tender expression of care she wondered if they had any clue how lovely it was to see...” ― Tere Michaels, Faith & Fidelity
You are the apple of my eyes. 你是我，最珍贵的人。 —— 九把刀 《那些年，我们一起追的女孩》
“He loved her all he could; but he couldn't love her very much.” ― Jennifer Crusie, Wild Ride
每次我最痛苦的时候你总是能看透我的心，虽然很不甘心，但是我好高兴 —— 青山刚昌 《名侦探柯南》
“You love me.” He kept gazing upward, his answer coming softly. “Yeah. I do.” ― Toni Blake, Whisper Falls
但凡死缠烂打的人，大都不是真的深爱你，那只是在跟自己赛跑。真正爱你的人，做不到死缠烂打。因为自尊不允许。我们一直深信，爱就是把最好的一切给予对方，包括尊严。多少浅浅淡淡的转身，是旁人看不懂的情深
因为你，我愿意成为一个更好的人，不想成为你的包袱，因此发奋努力，只是为了想要证明我足以与你相配。 —— 近藤喜文 《侧耳倾听》
“I’m in love with you, and I’m not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things. I’m in love with you, and I know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we’re all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labor has been returned to dust, and I know the sun will swallow the only earth we’ll ever have, and I am in love with you.” ― John Green, The Fault in Our Stars
我爱你 原谅我只有 遇见你的勇气 却没有 留住你的本事 —— 酷酷的滕 《我与客服的日常》
第一最好不相见，如此便可不相恋。 第二最好不相知，如此便可不相思。 第三最好不相伴，如此便可不相欠。 第四最好不相惜，如此便可不相忆。 第五最好不相爱，如此便可不相弃。 第六最好不相对，如此便可不相会。 第七最好不相误，如此便可不相负。 第八最好不相许，如此便可不相续。 第九最好不相依，如此便可不相偎。 第十最好不相遇，如此便可不相聚。 但曾相见便相知，相见何如不见时。 安得与君相诀绝，免教生死作相思。
“It worried him. Like him, she had to be exhausted. She smelled like gasoline; her clothes were torn. She had a small white bandage on her forehead where the EMT had cleaned her cut. Dirt smudged her face, her arms, her legs. He knew she still didn't have any underwear, and for the first time, he felt bad about it. Real bad. He wanted to protect her, make her feel secure, keep her from harm—and all he'd done was lose her underwear and practically get her blown up.” ― Tara Janzen, Crazy Hot
择一城终老，携一人白首。 —— 白槿湖 《深爱你这城》
你住的城市下雨了，很想问你有没有带伞。可是我忍住了，因为我怕你说没带， 而我又无能为力， 就像是我爱你 却给不到你想要的陪伴。
三月春盛，烟烟霞霞，灼灼桃花虽有十里，但一朵放在心上，足矣。 —— 唐七公子 《三生三世 十里桃花》
只有见识过烟火和爱情的人，才知道人世间的美好与凄凉 。 —— 乐小米 《凉生，我们可不可以不忧伤》
“Go to bed," he ordered. "Go to bed... and stay there.” ― Cindy Gerard, To the Edge
爱，不是没有争吵，而是争吵之后，爱还在。 —— 刘同 《你的孤独，虽败犹荣》
荷尔蒙决定一见钟情，多巴胺决定天长地久，肾上腺决定出不出手，自尊心决定谁先开口。最后，寿命和现实决定谁先离开谁先走
“Jake became excruciatingly aware of her, there, right behind him. The small grunts and groans as she placed each foot carefully on the slick ground reverberated in his gut. He wanted to turn around and tell her to shut the hell up. She sounded as though she was having sex. Good sex.” ― Cherry Adair, Kiss and Tell
小和尚:师傅，叶子落了。师傅，叶子落了是树对它不好吗？ 师傅:不是 小和尚:那是风抢走了它？ 师傅:也不是 小和尚:那它们在一起好好的，为什么要分开呢？ 师傅:分开只因为，它们不在合适了。 小和尚:不在合适！那…是谁错了？ 师傅:没对没错啊。 小和尚:嗯！？ 师傅:离开就是离开，分手就是分手，错对没有意义了。不再合适的两人与其耗尽对方养分一同枯萎，不如坦然聚散，各自相安。 小和尚:那离开树后，叶子又会如何呢？ 师傅:不一定哦，可能被有心人遇见，用心珍藏，也可能随风而去不知所踪，说不定落在地上生根发芽，从此投胎换骨，以新的姿态生活下去，一切的一切都看缘分啊！ —— 一禅小和尚 《一禅小和尚》
“If it comes to that," retorted Frederica, with spirit, " I am continually shocked by the things you don't scruple to say to me,cousin! You are quite abominable!" He sighed. "Alas, I know it! The reflection gives me sleepless nights.” ― Georgette Heyer, Frederica
有些话，说的人动动嘴，听的人却动了心。
你的过去我来不及参与，你的未来我奉陪到底。
“Stay here with me, Trishy. Don’t go back to your old life. Make a new one, here. With me. I know it’s a hell of a big thing I’m asking—but I’m asking. Stay. - Joe” ― Toni Blake, Tempt Me Tonight
当赤道留住雪花，眼泪融掉细沙，你肯珍惜我吗。 —— 林夕 《当这地球没有花》
世界那么大，让我遇见你。时间那么长，从未再见你。 —— 张嘉佳 《让我留在你身边》
“You are correct in saying that desires often come from things we cannot easily gain - mine, being that of your love. By all accounts, I do wish I could steal it. But I am not that sort of man. I will wait. Forever and a day...I will wait.” ― Renee Vincent
“A foolish man question: “what is love?” A madman answer: “Love is an omnipresent attribute of human life. Our appetite will always be unfulfilled for love. It is better for us because without it, earth will not rotate, seasons will not change, birds will not sing and life will not exit.” What do you think?” ― Santosh Kalwar
“...fairy tales, just a fancy word for lies...” ― Cecelia Ahern, If You Could See Me Now
“Silly of me not to have realized it. One often finds Greek temples lurking in the woods of English estates. Sneaky things, temples.” ― Victoria Alexander, The Husband List
哪怕千秋万载世人笑我痴心不改 年复一年我看遍沧海仍候君归来
山高路远，一起努力 分开登顶，更高处见
我的兴趣爱好可分为静态和动态两种，静态就是睡觉，动态就是翻身… 《爱情公寓4》
<凤求凰> 有一美人兮，见之不忘。 一日不见兮，思之如狂。 凤飞翱翔兮，四海求凰。 无奈佳人兮，不在东墙。 将琴代语兮，聊写衷肠。 何日见许兮，慰我彷徨。 愿言配德兮，携手相将。 不得于飞兮，使我沦亡。 (二) 凤兮凤兮归故乡，遨游四海求其凰。 时未遇兮无所将，何悟今兮升斯堂！ 有艳淑女在闺房，室迩人遐毒我肠。 何缘交颈为鸳鸯，胡颉颃兮共翱翔！ 凰兮凰兮从我栖，得托孳尾永为妃。 交情通意心和谐，中夜相从知者谁？ 双翼俱起翻高飞，无感我思使余悲。 —— 司马相如 《凤求凰》
“After 47 years of marriage, isn’t it amazing when you can look at your partner sound asleep next to you and still believe they have potential.” ― Kaylin McFarren
无论是，我喜欢你，或是我喜欢过你。 我都想说出来，都想让你知道。 让你知道，才算是喜欢。 说出来，心里也就不惦念了 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
“He held out his hand to Sophie, just like Mrs. Pentstemmon, but a little less royally. Sophie levered herself up, wondering if she was meant to kiss this hand or not. But since she felt more like raising her stick and beating the King over the head with it, she shook the King's hand and gave a creaking little curtsy.” ― Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle
世界太大还是遇见你，世界太小还是丢了你。 —— 黄征 《一个人的战役》
“Hawke," he said. "That's the word you need to be saying.” ― Nalini Singh, Kiss of Snow
不打扰，是我唯一可以送给你的礼物。
一颗糖，一句话，足以让他溃不成军。 谢辞，我给你一个家吧。 我前天做梦，梦到我们还在上高中。 然后你向我伸手，我就和你走了。 许呦，你有男朋友吗 没有 哦，那你现在有了。 她和我们不是一路人 那我就到她的路上去。 一中乱不乱，辞哥说了算 《她的小梨涡》 《小说》
我抵得住孤单和寂寞，却抵不住你在我身边的沉默。 —— 夏七夕 《我和你的笑忘书之蓝色气球和苏夏》
“If you don't want to tear off the clothes of the person you're on a date with and jump into bed with them, then what's the point? I'd never date; instead, I'd have lots of good friends and hug them a lot and life would be easier and neater and uncomplicated.” ― Rachel Machacek, The Science of Single: One Woman's Grand Experiment in Modern Dating, Creating Chemistry, and Finding L ove
“Give me agony or give me death, I'll take thy heart as eternal breath” ― Nely Cab, Creatura
“It seemed as if some subtle current of recognition had passed between them... not as if they had met before... but as if they had come close several times until finally an impatient Fate had forced their paths to intersect.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Secrets of a Summer Night
在爱情走到迷茫的时候，要验证是否相爱最好的方法就是分开，分开后如果痛苦，如果思念，那就是真爱，真爱一定会让俩人再次相遇. 《前任攻略》
“Nothing in my life would mean anything if you weren't here to share it. There'd be no reason to get up in the morning without you to light the sun with your smile.” ― Maggie Osborne, Silver Lining
“If you do not apologize to Lady Honoria,” Marcus said, his voice so mild as to be terrifying, “I will kill you.” There was a collective gasp, and Daisy faked a swoon, sliding elegantly into Iris, who promptly stepped aside and let her hit the floor. “Oh, come now,” Mr. Grimston said. “Surely it won’t come to pistols at dawn.” “I’m not talking about a duel,” Marcus said. “I mean I will kill you right here.” ― Julia Quinn, Just Like Heaven
“... in spite of being happier than I ever dreamed I could be, I'm also soberer. The fear that something may happen to you rests like a shadow on my heart. Always before I could be frivolous and carefree and unconcerned, because I had nothing precious to lose. But now -- I shall have a Great Big Worry all the rest of my life. Whenever you are away from me I shall be thinking of all the automobiles that can run over you, or the signboards that can fall on your head or the dreadful, squirmy germs that you may be swallowing.” ― Jean Webster, Daddy-Long-Legs
“Sex might satisfy, food might fuel, love might sustain, but without coffee, what is the point?” ― Nora Roberts, Heart of the Sea
“I felt tears prick my eyes as I looked down at the model again, looking at that girl and boy on the curb. Forever in that place, together.” ― Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye
我希望有这么一个人，给我波澜不惊的爱情，陪我看世界的风景，许我一世的欢颜。 —— 叶非夜 《总裁深度索吻》
“I never knew what it was to crave a woman’s touch. Or to hunger for a woman’s kiss.” “And now you do?” she asked hesitantly. “Since I met you, Corinne Bishop, I’ve been thinking of little else.” ― Lara Adrian, Deeper Than Midnight
“我是个俗气至顶的人，见山是山，见海是海，见花便是花。唯独见了你，云海开始翻涌，江潮开始澎湃，昆虫的小触须挠着全世界的痒。你无需开口，我和天地万物便通通奔向你。”
“Saying you're through with romance is like saying you're done with living, Betty. Life is better with a little romance, you know.” ― Gabrielle Zevin, Elsewhere
“Is there something wrong?” he asked. She gave a short negative motion with her head. And then words, so sweet, like a cool northern breeze blowing off the lake. “You could hold me now.” It was almost his undoing. “Ah baby.” ― Maya Banks, The Darkest Hour
“You're taller than I am, but I'm stronger, and meaner right this minute than you could ever imagine" - Lady Madelyne.” ― Julie Garwood, Honor's Splendour
有些人的伤口是在时间中慢慢痊愈，如我。有些人的伤口是在时间中慢慢溃烂，如他。原来这些年，他痊愈的只是外表，有一种伤，它深入骨髓，在你看不见的地方肆虐。 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
我不知道遇见你是对是错，但我知道遇见你我开心过。 —— 灰原哀 《名侦探柯南》
我和你的相遇，不过是短暂的瞬间，漫长的永远。 —— 墨青城 《花妖新娘》
爱情无药可医，唯有爱得更深。 —— 梭罗 《瓦尔登湖》
关于明天的事，我们后天就知道了 《chen未曦》
“Look," Grace said. "How strange! In spite of the rain, you can still see the stars. How bright they are tonight." She pointed, but Lorcan didn't look. His eyes remained fixed intently on her. "I can't think of a finer sight in the whole world than the one I'm looking at right now," he said. In spite of being drenched, Grace flushed at his words. Lorcan's eyes sparkled at her, brighter than ever before. It was as if the rare blue gems of his iriseshad been washed by the rain amd buffed by the moonlight to a new intensity. "Grace, there's been something I've wanted to do for a very long time now, but things have kept getting in the way." He reached forward, bringing a hand to the side of her face. Then he gently but firmly drew her wet face toward his. He gazed at her, as if seeing her for the first time. Then he brought his soft lips down to hers and kissed her.” ― Justin Somper, Black Heart
我有一个秘密 我想让世界上的每一滴冰冷的雨 都不会淋到你 我有一个秘密 我想让你每一次伤心的别离 都会迎来喜悦的重聚 我有一个秘密 我想把全世界的彩虹 都放进你灰暗的心里 再把你眼角的泪滴 都变成你嘴角的笑意 我有一个秘密 跟随着我每一次心跳 每一步足迹 它像我的影子 出现在每一个月朗星稀的夜里 它像是静谧如雾的呼吸 笼罩我小小的天地 我有一个秘密 一直捧在手心里 小心翼翼 像个写了一半的谜语 这个秘密 有简单的名字 有永恒的气息 我的秘密 叫我喜欢你 —— 郭敬明 《我有一个秘密》
一个人能有多不正经，就能有多深情。
“Tell me of this Wizard Howl of yours". Sophie's teeth chattered but she said proudly, "He's the best wizard in Ingary or anywhere else. If he'd only had time, he would have defeated that djinn. And he's sly and selfish and vain as a peacock and cowardly, and you can't pin him down to anything.” ― Diana Wynne Jones, Castle in the Air
“That's certainly a problem. But that's not what I was thinking of. It's just that you are so soft, so fragile. I have to mind my actions every moment that we're together so that I don't hurt you. I could kill you quite easily, Bella, simply by accident." His voice had become just a soft murmur. He moved his icy palm to rest it against my cheek. "If I was too hasty… if for one second I wasn't paying enough attention, I could reach out, meaning to touch your face, and crush your skull by mistake. You don't realize how incredibly breakable you are. I can never, never afford to lose any kind of control when I'm with you.” ― Stephenie Meyer, Twilight
左眼惆怅，右眼朦胧，近视也挺好的，至少不用把人看得太透
不敢说永远，害怕上帝不成全。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
“It is not easy to learn much about love, but one thing I discovered, that Lady Harleigh taught me: it is not whom you love that is important, but only that we love.” ― Thomas Tryon, Lady
当我想你的时候，你会不会也刚好正在想我。
“I love you too, Will Blakelee," she whispered, leaning in to kiss him again.” ― Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song
不知道从什么时候开始，在什么东西上面都有个日期，秋刀鱼会过期，肉罐头会过期，连保鲜纸都会过期，我开始怀疑，在这个世界上，还有什么东西是不会过期的？ —— 王家卫 《重庆森林》
笑那浮华落尽 月色如洗 笑那悄然而逝 飞花万盏 谁是那轻轻颤动的百合 在你的清辉下亘古不变
我并没有喜欢哪一种类型的人 。如果我喜欢你，我喜欢的就只是你。
“And then I remember this morning and I wonder if it really happened or if I dreamed it. It was nice. And weird. And tender. I'm not used to tender. It's a fossil, that word. Conditions changed and it died out. Like the woolly mammoth. It just couldn't live in the same world as dick box. Ho dog. Or wiener cousins.” ― Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution
大家都说我的性子很慢，其实我也可以很快。比如，后面有狗追我，或者，你在前面等我
兔子姑娘问兔子先生，如果不是兔子，你想成为什么？兔子先生说，都可以，做老虎就可以保护你，做星星可以在你睡觉时守护你，做萤火虫可以给你照亮，做小浣熊的话能和你做好朋友。但是我最想做的还是兔子。因为你也是兔子，只有兔子和兔子才能在一起啃胡萝卜
如果我原谅了你，不是因为我听了你的解释，而是我仍然爱你，被你急于解释的样子感动了。
“It's just the end of some things. And the beginning of others.” ― Lisa McMann, Fade
“Savannah, I’ve been talking my ass off for more than an hour now, telling you shit no one’s ever heard anything about, hoping that I’ll say something, Jesus God, anything that will convince you to have sex with me.” ― Suzanne Brockmann, Out of Control
“Apparently having your girlfriend get shot in the head and Life Flighted away takes its toll on a guy. Imagine that? I told him it was no biggie, but he’s been kind of edgy about it.” ― Laura Griffin, Thread of Fear
“That was . . .” I trailed off trying to find the proper adjective. “Long overdue?” “Long overdue? You’re the one who got skittish when I mentioned how I felt and backed away when we almost kissed.” “You call me on all my crap, don’t you?” He laughed throwing his head back. “That’s one of the things I love about you,” he said. His fingers skimmed up my shoulders until they cradled my neck and my whole body tingling.” ― Lani Woodland, Intrinsical
待我长发及腰，指尖流光恰巧，惊鸿一舞招摇，梦甜香烟袅袅 待我长发及腰，三月春光初晓，杏花带雨来至，琉璃月色多娇。 待我长发及腰，此生爱恨已了，黄泉紫陌我晓，一将功成枯老。 待我长发及腰，作茧自缚孟郊，半遮面来笑道，花落去后谁敲。 待我长发及腰，玉人何处吹箫，泪雨霖铃道巧，霓虹谁许情娆。 待我长发及腰，此生难觅至交，悟心误德勿要，水转桃花破晓 待我长发及腰，江上扁舟谁摇，楼上珠帘怎招，风飘飘雨又萧。 待我长发及腰，府邸银字笙调，谁家心字香烧，如何春愁将抛。 待我长发及腰，彩蝶觅香西郊，嫁曲胡人知晓，广陵散里逍遥。 待我长发及腰，君生来世再报，今夕守君至老，只盼君来恰好。
“Love is not about lovers.” ― Santosh Kalwar, You Can
宜言饮酒，与子偕老，琴瑟在御，莫不静好 《郑风・女曰鸡鸣》
“We're all the same in the dark.” ― J.J. Murray, Renee And Jay
“The man in 4B wondered if he could have your autograph. He told me his daughter is a huge fan.” Fan? What the hell? Dylan lifted himself up and looked over the back of his seat. Since when did covert operators have fans?” ― Tara Janzen, Crazy Love
“It's the Snickers bars. Snickers equal romance.” ― Lisa Scottoline, Look Again
幸好爱情不是一切，幸好一切都不是爱情。
夏天有晚来迟暮的霞光，正如晚来的你皆是笑意。
遇见你后，心不由己 《最撩人的情话是什么？》
一步一微笑，一步一伤心，一步一劫难，尽管记忆再悲伤，我却笑着，不愿遗忘。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
“I don’t want to marry you. I don’t want to want you,” he added fiercely, taking one measured step toward her, then another. “And I sure as hell don’t want to love you. But, God help me, I just can’t stop myself.” Closing the rest of the distance between them in a single stride, he snatched her up by the shoulders, his burning gaze searching her face as if to sear her features into his memory. “I don’t want to marry you because I love you too much to ask you to spend the rest of your life hiding in the shadows.” ― Teresa Medeiros, After Midnight
“Will you accompany me in this dance?” he said, bowing and holding out his hand. “No, thank you.” Miri smiled. The prince frowned and looked and the chief delegate as if for assistance. Miri laughed self consciously. “I, uh, I was teasing.” ― Shannon Hale
“Uncomfortable.Lord. I’ve been doing the comfortable thing my whole life, it seems like. And what did it get me? I think it’s about time I did something a little uncomfortable.” ― Louisa Edwards, On the Steamy Side
“Fuck me,” I whispered, giving him permission, taking him into my flesh, a soft invitation to madness.” ― Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar
“Your smile and your laughter lit my whole world.” ― Ranata Suzuki
曾听人说，回忆是一座桥，却是通向寂寞的牢. —— 天籁纸鸢 《天神右翼》
“Even before we met and long after we're both gone, my heart lives inside of yours. I'm forever and ever in love with you.” ― Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2
“All is as if the world did cease to exist. The city's monuments go unseen, its past unheard, and its culture slowly fading in the dismal sea.” ― Nathan Reese Maher
“I mean, that star over there is blinking at me madly now, but for how long? An hour or two, or for the next million years? And how long will we sit here like this? Just another moment, or the rest of our lives? You know which one I'd prefer...” ― Lucy Christopher, Stolen: A Letter to My Captor
“Présente je vous fuis; absente, je vous trouve; Dans le fond des forêts votre image me suit” ― Racine, Phèdre
一个人总要走陌生的路，看陌生的风景，听陌生的歌，然后在某个不经意的瞬间，你会发现，原本费尽心机想要忘记的事情真的就这么忘记了。
因为太在乎，所以受不起。 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
“I love you, baby girl. When you’re sad, I am too.” ― Darla Phelps, Daddy's Girl
“She did it, though she hated opera. She hated everything about it. The overblown sense of drama. The violence and lewdness. No one had ever died of heartbreak in Reverie. Betrayal never led to murder. Those things didn’t happen anymore. They had the Realms now. They could experience anything without taking risks. Now, life was Better than Real.” ― Veronica Rossi, Under the Never Sky
“I'm a big believer in first impressions," he finally said. "Tell me what your first thought was when Jason walked into the courtroom." Taylor took a sip of her drink and grinned. This one was easy. "I vowed to hate him forever." Jeremy's brown eyes twinkled at this. "That's exactly what I said nineteen years ago, five minutes after he first walked into our dorm room.” ― Julie James, Just the Sexiest Man Alive
有时候爱情不是因为看到了才相信，而是因为相信才看得到。
“Then his beautiful lips touched hers. A fluttering of wings, a cry of angels, a single beat of two hearts.” ― Chris Lange, Enchained
“I’m well aware that this—that I—am the first man to ever do this to her. And yes, as a guy, that fact makes it even better. You know who Neil Armstrong is, don’t you? Now tell me who the second guy was. Hell, tell me any other guy you know who made it to the moon after him. You can’t, can you? That’s why this is such a rush. She’ll never forget this. She’ll always remember…me. Maybe that’s chauvinistic and egotistical, but it’s the truth. -Drew Evans” ― Emma Chase, Tangled
“I realize that even through the hard times I’m sure we’ll face, I’ll never be able to walk away from her. -Micha” ― Jessica Sorensen, The Forever of Ella and Micha
满纸荒唐言，一把辛酸泪。都云作者痴，谁解其中味？ —— 曹雪芹 《红楼梦》
人老了的好处，就是可失去的东西越来越少了. —— 宫崎骏 《哈尔的移动城堡》
“Semua orang pernah patah hati. All you have to do is move on.” ― Nina Ardianti, Restart
你轻叹世事无常缘分太少只够红袖添香， 我不甘陌路相忘偏要誓死不放两败俱伤。
如果我不爱你，我就不会思念你，我就不会妒忌你身边的异性，我也不会失去自信心和斗志，我更不会痛苦。 如果我能够不爱你，那该多好。
“I'm asking you to tell Lady Cassandra about my good qualities as well as the bad ones." "What good qualities?" West inquired sharply. Tom had to think for a moment. "How rich I am?” ― Lisa Kleypas, Chasing Cassandra
累么？累就对了 舒服是留给死人的
“What turns me on is not what I do to your body, it is what I do to your mind” ― Dirty Archangel, Lust is my favorite sin: Dirty Archangel
不要去看那个伤口,它有一天会结疤的,疤痕不褪,可它不会再痛。
“It’s beyond your consciousness that your soul lingers with the person you love and hence your mood will affect the one you love. This is the reason why you sometimes sense your mood changing mysteriously with no reason.” ― Udai Yadla
“Wouldn’t you rather play chess, Ma’am?....It’s less destructive of clothes.” ― Rowena Cherry, Knight's Fork
谁念西风独自凉？萧萧黄叶闭疏窗，沉思往事立残阳。 被酒莫惊春睡重，赌书消得泼茶香，当时只道是寻常。 —— 纳兰性德 《浣溪沙》
世上最酸的感觉不是吃醋，而是无权吃醋。吃醋也要讲名份，和他相爱的是另一个人，他的醋也就轮不到你吃，自有另一个人光明正大地吃醋。原来，吃不到的醋才是最酸的。
你越过十方烟笼 乘兴归 我飘然伏倒 袖袍染了薄酒 灯火阑珊 落花纷飞如雨 宿命是 生死相依的谜 我镌刻几旬光阴 风流散 你临风看月 忍把浮名抛去 相思断章 不问今夕何夕 人间事 不出爱恨之外 三千微尘 所遇之年 皆为君赐 浮生梦一场 《倾城》
你在纽约 ，我在北京 ，漫长的别离里我只做一件事，专职爱你。如果爱情能成为职业该有多好，我永远都不会早退，也永远都不会转行，任期就是这一辈子。世界上最幸福的工作，就是做你的专职爱人。 《北京爱情故事》
“I’ll marry you,” Tom told her. “Any time. Any terms.” West gently nudged Cassandra toward the door. “Go, darling, while I talk with the insane man.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Chasing Cassandra
“I think sometimes the stars align whether we want them to or not. And we're drawn to certain people and places for no other reason than...Destiny.” ― Morgan Parker, Non Friction
要做这样的女子：面若桃花、心深似海、冷暖自知、真诚善良、触觉敏锐、情感丰富、坚忍独立、缱绻决绝。坚持读书、写字、听歌、旅行、上网、摄影，有时唱歌、跳舞、打扫、烹饪、约会、狂欢。
“He kept his eyes on mine, his gaze unblinking, and I stared right back into the blue. He moved almost imperceptibly and in the space between a heartbeat his lips touched mine.” ― Sarah Alderson, Hunting Lila
“Now they are empty, Ramon replied with a shrug of broad, muscled shoulders on his six-foot-three-inch frame....For the first time, a glint of humor touched Ramon Galverra's finely sculpted mouth and arrogant dark eyes.” ― Judith McNaught, Tender Triumph
“While he was the sun that lit your world, you were the darkness that shadowed mine.” ― K.L. Kreig, Black Swan Affair
“I've sequenced the questions for maximum speed of elimination,’ I explained. ‘I believe I can eliminate most women in less than forty seconds. Then you can choose the topic of discussion for the remaining time.’ ‘But then it won’t matter,’ said Frances. ‘I’ll have been eliminated.’ ‘Only as a potential partner. We may still be able to have an interesting discussion.’ ‘But I’ll have been eliminated.’ I nodded. ‘Do you smoke?’ ‘Occasionally,’ she said. I put the questionnaire away. ‘Excellent.’ I was pleased that my question sequencing was working so well. We could have wasted time talking about ice-cream flavours and make-up only to find that she smoked. Needless to say, smoking was not negotiable. ‘No more questions. What would you like to discuss?” ― Graeme Simsion, The Rosie Project
黄泉路上，忘川河中，三生石旁，奈何桥上，我可曾见过你。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
“He smacked the heel of his hand against his forhead, as if that could knock the mental picture out of his head. Hell, he though irritably, he didn't want to knock the image just out of his head. He wanted to send it clear across the room and out the window.” ― Julia Quinn, Brighter Than the Sun
就像蝴蝶飞不过沧海，没有谁忍心责怪。 —— 林夕 《蝴蝶》
“Then she sighed. Just the faintest, softest release of breath. The sound swept through his chest like a hurricane, with the force to topple trees.” ― Tessa Dare, Romancing the Duke
“—Voy a alargar esto todo lo que pueda, Becca, y cuando hayamos acabado comenzaré de nuevo. Y así hasta que amanezca porque ya será mañana y no tendrás que preguntarme qué va a ocurrir con nosotros. Esta noche serán todos los días y todas las noches a partir de ahora.” ― Victoria Vilchez, Antes de que decidas dejarme
因为我不知道，下一辈子，还是否能遇见你， 所以我今生才会，那么努力，把最好的给你。
就算发一千条短信，心与心之间的距离也不曾拉近过一厘米。 《秒速五厘米》
“The world keeps hanging on to this idea that love is for the gullible. But nothing could be more wrong. Love is only for the brave.” ― Katherine Center, What You Wish For : A Novel
我是一个在黑暗中大雪纷飞的人啊。 —— 木心 《云雀叫了一整天》
“It wasn't as if she was terrified of heights, she simply preferred to be closer to solid ground, where words like plummet and plunge did not linger in her mind.” ― Victoria Alexander, The Husband List
“Dear Judy Blume, why didn’t you write a book about how to survive talking to your centuries-old, super-duper experienced, smoking-hot soul mate about sex for the first time ever? That book would have been extremely helpful in preparing me for this incredibly awkward situation.” ― Karen Amanda Hooper, Taking Back Forever
自从你离开，我的生命里就只剩下了两件事可做：寻找你，和，等待你。 —— 乐小米 《凉生我们可不可以不忧伤》
白茶清欢无别事，我在等风也等你
很多人不需要再见，因为只是路过而已。遗忘就是我们给彼此最好的纪念。
对你最好的那个人，换句话说，也就是最好欺负的人。天下间的女人，总是最会欺负对她最好的那个男人。 —— 张小娴 《想念》
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance. 爱自己是终身浪漫的开始。 —— 奥斯卡・王尔德 《理想的丈夫》
「如果比喜欢多一点就是爱，那么，比爱多一点是什么？」 「比爱还要多一点？」他侧头望我，然后浅浅地笑，说，「对我来说，就是你。」 —— 顾漫 《骄阳似我》
北方有佳人， 绝世而独立。 一顾倾人城， 再顾倾人国。 宁不知倾城与倾国， 佳人难再得！ —— 李延年 《佳人曲》
人生总是不得圆满，有时候尊重爱情，就要背叛现实；成全现实，就要辜负爱情。 —— 白落梅 《你若安好 便是晴天》
“I don't need the aid of a clever man to teach me how to live. I can find it out for myself.” ― Henry James, The Portrait of a Lady
如若相爱，便携手到老；如若错过，便护你安好。
山河未改，故道人依旧。
爱，就是没有理由的心疼和不设前提的宽容。 —— 周国平 《把心安顿好》
“This is what our love is––a sacred pattern of unbroken unity sewn flawlessly invisible inside all other images, thoughts, smells, and sounds.” ― Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams
“I fell for her like a suicide from a bridge.” ― Neil Gaiman, M Is for Magic
陌上花开，可缓缓归矣。 —— 钱镠 《吴越王给他夫人的一封信》
青春是一场远行，回不去了；青春是一场相逢，忘不掉了；青春是一场伤痛，来不及了 《致我们终将逝去的青春》
楠木下的你是年少最动人的风景 青春逝去的背影曾许诺长久安宁
愿每个姑娘都能精致到老， 眼里长着太阳， 笑里全是坦荡。 —— 倪小懒 《倪小懒的杂句铺子》
“Love is not maximum emotion. Love is maximum commitment.” ― Dr. Sinclair Ferguson
“Romantic literature is in effect imaginative lying.” ― Oscar Wilde
“Ralston looked down his long, elegant nose at the vile creature at his feet, and said, “You just impugned the honor of my future marchioness. Choose your seconds. I will see you at dawn.” Leaving Oxford sputtering on the ground, Ralston spun on one elegant heel to face Benedick. “When I am done with him, I am coming for your sister. And, if you intend to keep me from her, you had better have an army at your side.” ― Sarah MacLean, Nine Rules to Break When Romancing a Rake
“If she were gone I would be nothing. You should think better of yourself than to settle for that.” ― Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus
“The minute I'm in a little pain ... your rough, tough, scary bad boy image totally falls apart.” ― Christine Feehan, Dark Hunger
爱情不是时光旅行，所有人都想回到一开始，可没有人能做到。过去的，就让它过去吧，该放下的，总要学会放下 —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
“Draw a circle, not a heart, around the one you love because a heart can break but a circle goes on forever.” ― Danny Kaye
“"that moment... that moment out there?" Blake pointed at the bed of army jacket, grass, and mint. "I've pictured it in my head for months. Months! I knew it would never really happen, but it kept me going. The beautiful, smiling girl would look at me like a man-a man worthy of her body, worthy of her kisses. Do you realize what a fool I am for hoping?"” ― Debra Anastasia, Poughkeepsie
走着走着， 就散了， 回忆都淡了； 看着看着， 就累了， 星光也暗了； 听着听着， 就醒了， 开始埋怨了； 回头发现， 你不见了， 突然我乱了。
“Shadow and dust shall be reclaimed, earth sealing the tomb from which you came. Dust to dust, ashes to ashes, warrior return, breathe your last. Air, earth, fire, water, hear my voice, obey my order, thrice around your grave do bound, evil sink into the ground. I now invoke the law of three, this is my will, so mote it be.” ― Christine Feehan, Dark Demon
吕子乔:在我们男人的世界里，还是强人如云，衰人如星的 胡一菲:哦?可我放眼望去，万里无云，满天繁星 —— 吕子乔，胡一菲 《爱情公寓》
那些以前说着永不分离的人，早已经散落在天涯了。 —— 郭敬明 《梦里花落知多少》
“I want to talk to you. I want to listen to you. I want to walk with you and, yes, I want you in my bed. That's what I want today. That's what I'll want in a hundred years. If you promise to be my wife forever, I will pledge myself to your happiness.” ― Christina Dodd, Rules of Attraction
他们，都是我的可遇不可求。 《原耽》
You jump ,I jump.（生死相随） 《泰坦尼克号》
“You two were in a cave together?’ said Miss Simpkins in horror. ‘Yes,’ said Kate, ‘and it was very, very dark.” ― Kenneth Oppel, Airborn
“A teenage girl lay asleep on the sofa, curled up under a red-and-black knitted afghan. She was on her side, with one slender arm cradling a throw cushion nestled under her head. Long wavy blond hair spread across her back and her shoulders like a cape. Even though she was sleeping, Alex could see how pretty she was, with her delicate, almost elfin features. He stood in the doorway, watching the soft rise and fall of her chest.” ― L. A. Weatherly, Angel Burn
闻君有二意，故来相决绝。愿得一心人，白首不相离 —— 卓文君 《白头吟》
“The love that we feel for each other is not about the worldly things, those materialistic possessions, or great looks either. It’s about the breath I hold at your sheer sight. It’s about the constant drumming of my heart when you come near me, making me aware of your control on me, and how my senses crave for more of you. My love for you is ‘you’, and it will still take me eternity to figure out more of it!” ― Ankita Chadha, Anything Else But Love
如果我是你的一颗泪珠，我会落到你的唇间，长驻你的心里； 如果你是我的一颗泪珠，我一辈子也不会哭，因为我怕失去你。
“Long ago she'd clamped an iron shell around her heart and nothing and no one could pry it lose, but deep inside the tender flesh still beat.” ― Sarah Sundin, A Memory Between Us
“He turned to her. “Didn’t you see the lightning strike the steeple?” She recovered with a sip of tea, then smiled sweetly. “I was listening too devotedly to the sermon.” “Claptrap last week,” Lady D announced. “I think the priest is getting old.” Gareth opened his mouth, but before he could say a word, his grandmother’s cane swung around in a remarkably steady horizontal arc. “Don’t,” she warned, “make a comment beginning with the words, ‘Coming from you…’” “I wouldn’t dream of it,” he demurred. “Of course you would,” she stated. “You wouldn’t be my grandson if you wouldn’t.” She turned to Hyacinth. “Don’t you agree?” To her credit, Hyacinth folded her hands in her lap and said, “Surely there is no right answer to that question.” “Smart girl,” Lady D said approvingly. “I learn from the master.” Lady Danbury beamed.” ― Julia Quinn, It's in His Kiss
“Would you believe I was in the neighborhood?” “No." “Well, how about that I needed to see you.” “Why? Did one of my neighbors call and say my cat’s been stalking their bunny?” One corner of his mouth went up. “You know, that sounds like a euphemism. A kind of salacious one” “Ooh, big words for Mr. Average Joe street cop,” she said, knowing she sounded bitchy but unable to help it. “Can you take out the angry eyes, Mrs. Potato Head, and just let me talk to you?” ― Leslie Parrish, Cold Touch
忘川之畔，与君长相憩 烂泥之中，与君发相缠 寸心无可表，唯有魂一缕 燃起灵犀一炉，枯骨生出曼陀罗 《灵魂摆渡》
为你，千千万万遍。 —— 卡勒德・胡赛尼 《追风筝的人》
“Sable hair bisected his pecs and arrowed down to the straight and unequivocal statement of his returned interest. Forcing my gaze to his face, I said, "I really don't think we have time for that." "You know that, and I know that, but HE doesn't believe it." "Believe it," I told HIM. J.X.'s mouth tugged into one of those heart-stopping smiles. "Maybe you should whisper in his ear.” ― Josh Lanyon, Somebody Killed His Editor
You don't know how long I've waited for you. I'd rather die than stay away from you你不知道，等了你有多久。所以，宁可死别，绝不生离。 《暮光之城》
暗恋无非是被暗恋者假装不懂，暗恋者一味付出的游戏罢了。 《爱情进化论(电视剧)》
“Love can cause problem and love can heal humanly problems based on our virtue.” ― Santosh Kalwar
君生我未生，我生君已老 君恨我生迟，我恨君生早 君生我未生，我生君已老 恨不生同时，日日与君好 我生君未生，君生我已老 我离君天涯，君隔我海角 我生君未生，君生我已老 化蝶去寻花，夜夜栖芳草
一念花开，一念花落。这山长水远的人世，终究是要自己走下去。人在旅途，要不断的自我救赎。不是你倦了，就会有温暖的巢穴；不是你渴了，就会有潺潺的山泉；不是你冷了，就会有红泥小火炉。每个人的内心，都有几处不为人知的暗伤，等待时光去将之复原。 —— 白落梅 《因为懂得所以慈悲：张爱玲的倾城往事》
“I made the decision fifteen years ago that you were my life. My everything. You were with me in my dreams my dark lover my friend and confidant.” ― Christine Feehan, Dark Dreamers
凤兮凤兮归故乡，遨游四海求其凰。 —— 司马相如(角色) 《凤求凰》
在对的时间遇见对的人，是一种幸福； 在对的时间遇见错的人，是一种心伤； 在错的时间遇见对的人，是一是气中要把那路奈； 在错的时间遇见错的人，是一种折磨。 —— 桐华 《云中歌》
“Finally, mutually, and completely, they released all doubts, abandoned all fears, unwilling and unable to deny this overpowering love.” ― Emery Lee, The Highest Stakes
杀阡陌：白子画，你若敢为你门中弟子伤她一分，我便屠你满门，你若敢为天下人损她一毫，我便杀尽天下人。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
子乔醒悟的时候,美嘉却没有怀孕.一菲承认感情的时候,小贤却和诺澜在一起了.张伟爱情刚起步,却和对方成了对手.有些人就是这样,你准备好了,却已经错过了最好的时机在一起.我以为我必须变得足够好才有资格遇见你,殊不知,遇见你时我才是最好的我. 《爱情公寓4》
爱是一颗心遇到另一颗心，而不是一张脸遇上另一张脸。 —— 苏菲・玛索 《杨澜访谈录》
不要着急，最好的总会在最不经意的时候出现。
“Never mind that. What's going on with you and Heath?" Annabelle pulled a little wide-eyed innocence out of her rusty bag of college acting skills. "What do you mean? Business." "Don't give me that. We've been friends too long." She switched to a furrowed brow. "He's my most important client. You know how much this means to me." Molly wasn't buying it. "I've seen the way you look at him. Like he was a slot machine with triple sevens tattooed on his forehead. If you fall in love with him, I swear I'll never speak to you again." Annabelle nearly choked. She'd known Molly would be suspicious, but she hadn't expected an outright confrontation. "Are you nuts? Setting aside the fact that he treats me like a flunky, I'd never fall for a workaholic after what I've had to go through with my family." Falling in lust, however, was an entirely different matter. "He has a calculator for a heart," Molly said. "I thought you liked him.” ― Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Match Me If You Can
你的过去我无法参与，你的将来我奉陪到底。
所有随风而逝的都属于昨天的，所有历经风雨留下来的才是面向未来的。 —— 玛格丽特・米切尔 《飘》
“Mom," Nathan called to her. Daisy pulled her gaze from the tent and the fleeting glimpse of Jack's bare back, the smooth planes and indent of his spine, the sliver of the white elastic just above the blue waistband of his jeans..."Hmm?" "What's a faaar ant?" he asked just above a whisper. "Fire." She chuckled and shook her head. "Fire ant. They have a nasty bite that burns." Nathan smiled. "Well, why didn't he just say fire?" "He thinks he did.” ― Rachel Gibson, Daisy's Back in Town
翻出了以前写给你的稚嫩话语 那时候是真的爱你 没有什么目的 就像后来离开你
如果我看过你看过的世界，走过你走过的路，是不是就能更靠近你一点 —— 李大仁 《我可能不会爱你》
你能收下吗？ 写着“易碎品小心轻放”的 我的心 —— 北川理惠 《三行情书》
“He couldn’t just come right out with it, could he? No, that would scare her off. He had to be subtle, build up to it. Explain himself. “I love you.” Of course, straight to the point was also an effective strategy.” ― Sarah Mayberry, Can't Get Enough
如果人类有尾巴的话 说起来有点不好意思 只要和你在一起，一定会止不住摇起来 《三行情书》
“Sounds like you kids have some talking to do. I'll be eavesdropping from the kitchen.” ― Jill Shalvis, Heating Up The Holidays
此去经年，应是良辰好景虚设。 —— 柳永 《雨霖铃·寒蝉凄切》
我知道有些人是无法忘记的，即使在你成长之初他们就已经消失。但是他们被镌刻在你的生命线上，无法磨灭。让我们终其一生为了这些印记做两件事情：怀念，或者寻找。 —— 七堇年 《被窝是青春的坟墓》
“I don't think sleeping with you is going to solve anything," she said, stopping at the guest bedroom door. "I don't really care what you think.” ― Cindy Gerard, To the Brink
“I know about safe sex," Nathan said, interrupting Jack's thoughts. Jack swallowed. "That's good." He smiled at his son, vastly relieved that there would be no hard questions about his own sex life. "What I want to know is..." Nathan stole a quick look back at the tent. "Where is the clitoris exactly?" Jack's smile fell and he opened his mouth. No words came out so he closed it. Nathan had no problem forming his words, though. "And what the heck is a G-spot?” ― Rachel Gibson, Daisy's Back in Town
“You're bruised, as ugly as one of your Cyclops, and I can barely stand to look at you." - Duncan to Madelyne.” ― Julie Garwood, Honor's Splendour
“She'd kicked Klein's ass and still had enough moxie to tag him, and enough physical strength to get herself out of a window ten feet up on the wall. He really should marry her.” ― Tara Janzen, Crazy Wild
“Will you love me enough?” ― Ana Monnar
“No one can be a replacement for another person. That is why, farewells are always difficult.” ― Matsuri Hino, Vampire Knight, Vol. 1
“Nothing can fill you up,” she stated. “Nope,” he agreed again. “You won’t let it.” “Barrel’s got a hole in the bottom, buddy, everything leaks out no matter how much you pour in.” She was silent a moment then she whispered, “Right.” She turned to the door and his hand gripped his bourbon so hard he had to focus everything on loosening his grip or the glass would shatter. Before she opened it, she turned back. “You don’t know, Cal, you have no idea. You’ve shut yourself up for so long in this fucking house with your tragic memories, you have no idea what’s about to walk out your door. Kate, Keira and me, we could have plugged that hole. We could have filled you so full, you’d be bursting. We would have loved that chance. We’d have given it everything we had, no matter the time that slid by, graduations, weddings, grandbabies, you’d have been a part of us and we’d have given everything we had to keep you so full, you’d be bursting.” Cal didn’t reply. “Joe,” she whispered, “you let me walk out this door, you’ll lose your chance.” Cal didn’t move. Vi waited. Cal stayed seated.” ― Kristen Ashley, At Peace
“There ain't a man in the world cares about a woman's past until he's thinking of her in his future.” ― Dru Pagliassotti, Clockwork Heart
南风未起 我遇见你 南风微起 各奔东西 原来我们的爱情 只是一阵风吹的记忆
得不到的永远在骚动 被偏爱的都有恃无恐 —— 李焯雄 《红玫瑰》
“I’ll never understand why some people can’t just let others live their lives, you know,” Danial said. “You don’t have to understand. You don’t have to agree. Just leave people alone. When I look at the moon and planets and stars, all that narrow-mindedness and hate seem so petty. The universe is such a big place. One hundred thousand light years just from one end of the Milky Way to the other. One hundred. Thousand. Light years. In the time it’s taken for light to travel from one end of our galaxy to the other, thousands of generations have passed. It really makes you realize how small we are, doesn’t it? How short our time on earth is.” ― J.H. Trumble, Don't Let Me Go
人生若只如初见，何事秋风悲画扇？ —— 纳兰容若 《木兰辞・拟古决绝词柬友》
“na hora de pôr a mesa, éramos cinco: o meu pai, a minha mãe, as minhas irmãs e eu. depois, a minha irmã mais velha casou-se. depois, a minha irmã mais nova casou-se. depois, o meu pai morreu. hoje, na hora de pôr a mesa, somos cinco, menos a minha irmã mais velha que está na casa dela, menos a minha irmã mais nova que está na casa dela, menos o meu pai, menos a minha mãe viúva. cada um deles é um lugar vazio nesta mesa onde como sozinho. mas irão estar sempre aqui. na hora de pôr a mesa, seremos sempre cinco. enquanto um de nós estiver vivo, seremos sempre cinco” ― José Luis Peixoto
世间有类姑娘，说的每句话都让你想得非非，还有类姑娘，说的每句话都让你非得想想。 —— 唐七公子 《华胥引》
“my boy? he is even better than books. -fiction has nothing on you.” ― Amanda Lovelace, The Princess Saves Herself in This One
我喜欢春天的花，夏天的树，秋天的黄昏，冬天的阳光，和每天的你。
剪影的你轮廓太好看，凝住眼泪才敢细看 —— 林夕 《约定》
“04.24，和Sakura去东京天空树，世界上最暖和的地方在天空树的顶上。” “04.25，和Sakura去明治神宫，有人在那里举办婚礼。” “04.26，和Sakura去迪士尼，鬼屋很可怕，但是有Sakura在，所以不可怕。” “Sakura最好了。”... —— 江南 《龙族》
恋人之间总会说很多无聊话，做一些无聊事，幸福就是有一个人陪你无聊，难得是你们两个都不觉得无聊。
假如你爱上了两个人，选择第二个。因为如果你真爱第一个，就不会去爱其他人。
“Often you don’t know whether you’re the hero of a romantic comedy or the villain on a Lifetime special until the restraining order arrives.” ― Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing
“Uncomplicate it. Don’t make excuses. Some of life’s biggest heartaches come from missed opportunities and lame excuses. Don’t miss out on what could be the best chapter in your life because you’re too busy rereading the last one.” ― Kandi Steiner, Song Chaser
在这个什么都善变的世间我想和你看一看永远。 —— 乔一 《我不喜欢这世界，我只喜欢你》
如果不能住在你心里，都是客死他乡。 —— 张嘉佳 《新浪微博》
好看的皮囊千篇一律，有趣的灵魂万里挑一。
也许每一个男子全都有过这样的两个女人，至少两个。 娶了红玫瑰，久而久之，红的变了墙上的一抹蚊子血，白的还是“床前明月光”； 娶了白玫瑰，白的便是衣服上的一粒饭粘子，红的却是心口上的一颗朱砂痣。 —— 张爱玲 《红玫瑰与白玫瑰》
“Love should feel like a hand sewn quilt made by grandma, wrapping you up on a cold winter morning.” ― Carroll Bryant
“His walk and stare. Was as poisonous as the air after a nuclear bomb.” ― sequence kye kenneth young
“I will have to admit, though, that I will never look at an apple in quite the same way.” ― Terry Goodkind, Wizard's First Rule
思念就跟爱情一样是会耗尽的。无奈要分隔两地，一开始我想你想得很苦，恨不得马上飞奔到你身边，再也不要跟你分开。后来的后来，我没那么想你了，不是不爱你，而是这样的想念是没有归途的。我再怎么想你，还是见不着你摸不到你，只是用思念来折磨自己。于是我知道，我得学着过自己的生活。
“She didn't want soft and gentle. She needed his rough possession, claiming her, branding her, taking her in a firestorm of heat and flame that would end the world around them, leaving them nothing but ashes, clean and fierce and forever welded together.” ― Christine Feehan, Wild Fire
爱情如果不落到穿衣、吃饭、睡觉、数钱这些实实在在的生活中去，是不会长久的。真正的爱情，就是不紧张，就是可以在他面前无所顾忌地打嗝、放屁、挖耳朵、流鼻涕；真正爱你的人，就是那个你可以不洗脸、不梳头、不化妆见到的那个人。
“Some guys are worth breaking the rules for.” ― Melissa Pearl, Golden Blood
“Her caramel skin and curly beach sand hair spreads in wavy chops like the choppy storm waves on the ocean. Her fluffy rose colored lips glisten with eyes emerald green and almond shaped set deep into her face and yet when she looks at you with those same deep set eyes, it feels like they jump out, speaking to you.” ― Ami Blackwelder
你以后会明白，如果世界上曾经有那个人出现过，其他人都会变成将就。 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
“Michael nodded tersely, eyeing a table across the room. It was empty. So empty. So joyfully, blessedly empty. He could picture himself a very happy man at that table. "Not feeling very conversational this evening, are we?" Colin asked, breaking into his (admittedly tame) fantasies.” ― Julia Quinn, When He Was Wicked
我一直在想，大学为什么要把课安排这么松散耗上四年，而不是像中学一样朝七晚五学上两年就毕业。它就是要这样，用四年的时间，打磨你的锐气，消耗你的梦想，拆散坚定过的爱情，然后才能放心地把一个足够圆滑和现实的你，送到社会、婚姻、现实里。大学，多可怕
君埋泉下泥销骨，我寄人间雪满头。 —— 白居易 《梦微之》
有一种爱，如明月星辉。若她为明月，他为星辉，明月在，星辉隐。爱之忧伤，是月不见星，星错过月…… —— 唐七公子 《三生三世十里桃花》
“Nobody with any real sense of humor *can* write a love story. . . . Shakespeare is the exception that proves the rule. (90-91)” ― L.M. Montgomery, Emily Climbs
“Regin the Radiant and Emmaline Troy: 'Alrighty then, have it your way- you're on your own... Now, if you come across a leech, no offense, remember your training.' 'None taken. And would that be the sword training where you fly past my defenses and swat me on the ass, chirping, 'Dead!'? Another swat. 'Dead!'? Yeah, I'll get right on that.' 'No, that would be the training where you sprint like hell whenever you hear that I'm looking for you to train.” ― Kresley Cole, A Hunger Like No Other
“Lucy: I don't understand men. Nettie: What is there to understand? If you feed 'em regular-like and give 'em a bit of 'sugar' now and then, they're easy enough. And if they don't behave, you just toss 'em out on their arses. That's what I always say.” ― Sabrina Jeffries, Don't Bargain with the Devil
我所认为最深沉的爱，莫过于分开以后，我将自己，活成了你的样子。
“Stung again by this queen bee of the Loren clan, Marissa shook it off and retorted, “See, that’s just it. I don’t always love Jack Storm. But with all my heart I love Jack Loren.” ― Lisa Gillis, Weathering Jack Storm
“cinta itu punya dua sisi” ― dewie sekar
雨声潺潺，像住在溪边，宁愿天天下雨，以为你是因为下雨不来。 —— 张爱玲 《小团圆》
醒来觉得甚是爱你 —— 蒋生豪 《蒋生豪情书》
其实我很好，只是不习惯，只是会偶尔难受一下，只是会在某一瞬间突然很想某个人，只是会在听到某一句熟悉的话时很难过
“You’re not terrified of me. You’re terrified of letting yourself care for me, and I can’t say I blame you. People who love me usually end up dead. But you see, I’m not going to give you any choice. You belong to me now whether you like it or not.” “I don’t like it, not one bit!” “Try to escape,” he suggested coolly. “Go ahead. See what happens. Give me one excuse to take what I want from you, even if it is against your will. I want you that much. Too damned much.” He turned without warning and kissed her, flattening her back against the pine mast.” ― Gaelen Foley, The Pirate Prince
“The weakness of a man is the strength of a woman” ― Santosh Avvannavar
我已分不清，你是友情和下是错过的爱情 —— 周杰伦 《蒲公英的约定》
我真的爱你，闭上眼，以为我能忘记，但流下的眼泪，却没有骗到自己。 －－－郭敬明
“How can the most cruel and despicable create something as breathtaking beautiful as this?” ― D.S. Wrights, The Beast and Me
“Sometimes, the only way to make your dreams come true is to shatter them.” ― Pepper Winters, Twisted Together
“Mary approaches her before she is able to reach her station. "Hello Lily. Get anything special for Christmas?" "Just the usual." She answers. "Shattered dreams.” ― Carroll Bryant, Last Flight Out
“Damn. I never should have agreed to this. What is he thinking? Here we are in a piece of crap pickup truck on our way to sit outside of a supermarket to kidnap this girl. Damn. He’d better not be falling for her. Sure she’s cute, but I can’t think about that.” ― Jenna-Lynne Duncan, Hurricane
玲珑骰子安红豆，入骨相思知不知？ —— 温庭筠 《新添声杨柳枝词二首》
“Oh yeah? How about M'Lin the cursed?” ― Lj Smith
“The common thread from all those stories was that talking helped, and listening, and time. One day I would find my own place. I couldn't run there, though, because it didn't exist yet; I had to build it myself, out of forgiveness, truth, and terrifying gestures of friendship.” ― I.W. Gregorio, None of the Above
某天起，好像跟你没那么好了，见面少了，电话也少了；孤单的时候，忍住没找你。我亲爱的朋友，并不是你做了什么，而是我的故事变复杂了，有些话不知道从何说起，不如不说；有些秘密只能藏在心底，独自承担。不想对你说谎，更害怕你痛心的责备，于是只好假装忘了你。其实，你一直在我心里
“I am amazed at how being with him changes everything for me, socially speaking.” ― Cynthia Hand, Unearthly
“Debería haber sabido que no se puede huir de lo que eres, y que si quieres que las cosas sean distintas tienes que empezar por cambiar tu forma de verlas y enfrentarte a ellas.” ― Victoria Vilchez, Antes de que decidas dejarme
风卷残衣， 笑如红纱， 直叫人为之痴颜。 绯陌倾城， 颜倾六界， 确如一丹抹青莲。 痴心等候， 守望千年， 奈何为一片羁留。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
“Then, Éowyn of Rohan, I say to you that you are beautiful. In the valleys of our hills there are flowers fair and bright, and maidens fairer still; but neither flower nor lady have I seen till now in Gondor so lovely, and so sorrowful. It may be that only a few days are left ere darkness falls upon our world, and when it comes I hope to face it steadily; but it would ease my heart, if while the Sun yet shines, I could see you still. For you and I have both passed under the wings of the Shadow, and the same hand drew us back.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King
只要稍微打个招呼就会胡思乱想，要是互相发短信，心中还会起波澜，接到对方来电的那一整天，都会对着来电记录傻笑，可是我知道，那只是温柔，对我温柔的人对别人也同样温柔，这种事差点就忘记了,如果说真相是残酷的，谎言肯定是温柔的，所以温柔是谎言，一次又一次期待，一次又一次落空，不知从何时开始，便不再怀抱希望。 —— 大老师 《我的青春恋爱物语果然有问题》
无论今天发生多么糟糕的事，都不应该感到悲伤，因为今天是你往后日子里最年轻的一天了。
最好不相见，如此当成可不相恋。 最好不相知，如此当成可不相思。
我听说 喜鹊喝多了可乐会变成乌鸦 欢迎光临说多了会变成谢谢惠顾 你的猫咪太爱你会变成兔子 啊 还有 听说人会因为太害羞把想说的话藏在句首
💮 不许你再叫我先生，否则我要从字典中查出世界上最肉麻的称呼来称呼你。特此警告。
不悔梦归处，只恨太匆匆。 —— 九夜茴 《匆匆也过年》
“It was heaven. Forget angels, forget St. Peter and glittering harpsichords. Heaven was a dance in the arms of one's true love.” ― Julia Quinn
有些人只拥吻影子，于是只拥有幸福的幻影。
“Not that I knew who you were until last month. But now that I've got you, I'm not letting you go." "You're not?" Blake stared at her in irritated confusion. What was her game? "Do you think I'm an idiot?" he spat out. "No," she said. "I've just escaped from a den of idiots, so I'm well familiar with the breed, and you're something else entirely. I am, however, hoping you're not a terribly good shot.” ― Julia Quinn, To Catch an Heiress
“He did not blame them. Because in truth, that's what he did, what he was. Seduce and dominate. Charm and manipulate. A user of women. How they would scoff, Rothbury mused bitterly, if they knew that he was secretly in love with the silly little chit, spectacles and all.” ― Olivia Parker, To Wed a Wicked Earl
“He’d stared into her eyes, dark with confusion and unwilling passion, and for one stark, horrible instant, he’d wished to be that different man. He’d wished to be worthy of her.” ― Anna Campbell, Midnight's Wild Passion
我爱你，安安静静对待你；我爱你，轰轰烈烈在心里。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
“Recent studies have shown that approximately 40% of authors are manic depressive. The rest of us just drink.” ― Melodie Campbell, Rowena Through the Wall
我朋友很少，我敌人更少，皆因我心里真正在乎的人本来就不多。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
“I love you. I love you. I love you. Always have, probably always will. Happy?” she said. He stopped when he was standing mere inches away. Reaching out, he captured her face in his hands and smoothed his thumbs across her cheekbones to clear her tears. “You have no idea how relieved I am to hear you say that,” he said.” ― Sarah Mayberry, Anything for You
如果那里天气晴朗，那你就留在那里。 如果那里风雨凄凉，那你就赶快回来。 把那里，把那个人完全地忘记。 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
“Some say that the age of chivalry is past, that the spirit of romance is dead. The age of chivalry is never past, so long as there is a wrong left unredressed on earth.” ― Charles Kingsley
你给我一滴眼泪，我就看到了你心中全部的海洋 。 —— 郭敬明 《左手倒影，右手年华》
再后来遇到心动的人 我都会想 算了 朋友就很好了 真的很好了
不想你惊艳我年少时光,只愿你温暖我今后岁月
过自己想要的生活，上帝会让你付出代价。照顾好自己，爱自己才能爱好别人。如果你压抑，痛苦，忧伤，不自由，又怎么可能在心里腾出温暖的房间，让重要的人住在里面。如果一颗心千疮百孔，住在里面的人就会被雨水打湿。 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
“And third, I was unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him” ― Stephenie Meyer, Twilight
相濡以沫，不如相忘于江湖 —— 庄子 《庄子・大宗师》
假如有人问我的烦忧, 我不敢说出你的名字。 —— 戴望舒 《烦忧》
“[A]s people are beginning to see that the sexes form in a certain sense a continuous group, so they are beginning to see that Love and Friendship which have been so often set apart from each other as things distinct are in reality closely related and shade imperceptibly into each other. Women are beginning to demand that Marriage shall mean Friendship as well as Passion; that a comrade-like Equality shall be included in the word Love; and it is recognised that from the one extreme of a 'Platonic' friendship (generally between persons of the same sex) up to the other extreme of passionate love (generally between persons of opposite sex) no hard and fast line can at any point be drawn effectively separating the different kinds of attachment. We know, in fact, of Friendships so romantic in sentiment that they verge into love; we know of Loves so intellectual and spiritual that they hardly dwell in the sphere of Passion.” ― Edward Carpenter, The Intermediate Sex: A Study Of Some Transitional Types Of Men And Women
人的一生要经历太多的生离死别，那些突如其来的离别往往将人伤得措手不及。 人生何处不相逢，但有些转身，真的就是一生，从此后会无期，永不相见。 —— 白落梅 《你若安好便是晴天――林微因传》
“John Brooke is acting dreadfully, and Meg likes it!” ― Louisa May Alcott, Little Women
“The Challenge is to pry Bertie loose from Dain and his circle of oafish dengenerates,” Jessica said severely. “It would be far more profitable to pry Dain loose for yourself,” said her grandmother. “He is very wealthy, his lineage is excellent, he is young, strong, and healthy, and you feel a powerful attraction.” “He isn’t husband material.” “What I have described is perfect husband material.” said her grandmother. “I don’t want a husband.” “Jessica, no woman does who can regard men objectively. And you have always been magnificently objective.” ― Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels
“My life was dark, torture and empty before you found me. You brought the light, Red. I love you.” ― M.A. Stacie, Unwritten Rules
“If you could live anywhere in the world where would you live ” “Right here ” Enzo replies. “In your arms.” ― Mary Hogan, Pretty Face
死不可怕，坐着等死才可怕。 《爱情公寓》
“If you are lost, I will find you. If you are in danger, I will protect you," he said seriously. "It's what a gentleman does, Elysse." ~Alexi de Warenne to Elysse O'Neil” ― Brenda Joyce, The Promise
不要说，离开以后还会想念；不要说，分手以后还是朋友。离开一个地方，风景就不再属于你；错过一个人，那人便与你无关。落花本来有意，流水本也无情。转身的那一秒开始，我的幸福，便与你无关。
“When it comes to sexuality, romantic love plays a large part in feminine sexual scripts. Research suggests that women make sense of sexual encounters in terms of the amount of intimacy experienced; love becomes a rationale for sex. If i am in love, women often reason, sex is okay. Men more easily accept sex for its own sake, with no emotional strings necessarily attached. In this way, sexual scripts for men have involved more of an instrumental (sex for its own sake) approach, whereas for women it tends to be more expressive (sex involving emotional attachments). There is evidence to suggest that women are moving in the direction of sex as an end in itself without the normative constraints of an emotional relationship. By and large, however, women are still more likely than men to engage in sex as an act of love. Many scholars suggest that romance is one of the key ways that sexism is maintained in society.” ― Susan Shaw, Women's Voices, Feminist Visions: Classic and Contemporary Readings
“What can I do?” he asked. “To start taking care of you?” ― Toni Blake, Whisper Falls
“Oh, how wonderfully romantic of you. Romantics are really only in love with themselves.” ― Miguel Syjuco, Ilustrado
“If ever there was something she needed to stick around and fight for, Luc was that something.” ― Rachel Gibson, See Jane Score
我们最常看到的结果是：终于明白要寻找的那个人是谁时，回首灯火阑珊处，已空无一人 —— 安意如 《人生若只如初见》
“Is there somebody out there? Amy, is that you?” her mother called. “No. Tell me this isn’t happening.” Quinn rested his forehead against hers. “Has she got a wiretap on you or something? I swear, she’s like a walking hard-on detector.” Amy bit her lip, trying not to laugh. Quinn levered himself up on his arms. “Mrs. P., if you value your life, you’ll go back inside and turn off the light right now.” ― Sarah Mayberry, Her Best Friend
人非木石皆有情，不如不遇倾城色 —— 白居易 《李夫人》
“I guess the answer would be yes." "Got to love that word." He kissed her so sweetly then, it brought tears to her eyes. "Got it in you to say it again?" And then he did the unthinkable. He went down on one knee.” ― Cindy Gerard, To the Brink
我喜欢你，来自左肩，靠近心脏.
“Do you think,” she said, “instead of having sex, we could make love?” “I’d love that,” Ken whispered.” ― Suzanne Brockmann, Out of Control
火车是朝前开的，去哪儿并不重要，关键在于窗外的风景 —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
这个世界上有很多事情，你以为明天一定可以再继续做的；有很多人，你以为明天一定可以再见到面的；于是，在你暂时放下先或者暂时转过身的时候，你心中所有的，只是明日又将重聚的希望，有时候甚至连这点希望也不会感觉到。因为，你以为日子既然这样一天一天地过来的，当然也应该就这样一天一天地过去。昨天、今天和明天应该是没有什么不同的。 但是，就会有那么一次：在你一放手，一转身的那一刹那，有的事情就完全改变了。太阳落下去，而在它重新升起以前，有些人，就从此和你永诀了。 —— 席慕蓉 《小红门》
“I came from Thailand for you, because Mia said she could probably get you here. I'd have come from Zimbabwe, Outer Mongolia, or a prison in Central America. In truth, I came through hell getting here....because for me that's anywhere you're not.” ― Ava Gray, Skin Game
“He understood that she needed some time to get used to "them." He didn't. He knew exactly what was happening, and he didn't need another week, another month, another year, to get things in perspective. He loved her. It was that plain. That simple.” ― Cindy Gerard, To the Brink
灰姑娘的水晶鞋若真的合脚又怎会掉 王子若真的爱她又怎会用鞋寻找而记不住她的容貌
“You haunt me. You alone. You're my fire. I'm your air." Nathaniel to Amelia” ― Saundra Mitchell, The Vespertine
一愿，时光翩跹时，随缘流浪；二愿，物是人非时，莫失莫忘；三愿，细水流年时，地老天荒。
“Jenny: You didn't leave? Gareth: Of course I left. I was hungry, and I couldn't find anything to eat. I bought a loaf and some cheese. And oranges. Wait. You mean you thought I had left. Without saying a word to you. Would I do that? (Jenny nodded) Gareth: Damn it. You know better than most I'm no good at these things but even I am not that bad. Really, Jenny. Why would you believe such a thing of me? Jenny: I don't know, Maybe because you once told me all you wanted from me was a good shag? Gareth: I said that? (he looked surprised, then contemplative. Then apparently, he remembered and winced) God. I said that? Why did you even touch me?” ― Courtney Milan
子言慕雨，启伞避之。 子言好阳，寻荫拒之。 子言喜风，阖户离之。 子言偕老，吾所畏之。 —— 莎士比亚 《诗经版诗歌》
我忽然明白一件事。 或许我们一旦分开，就再没有机会重新认识了。
这世上有成千上万种爱，但从没有一种爱可以重来。 —— 菲茨杰拉德 《那些忧伤的年轻人(菲茨杰拉德作品)》
“The insanity of love, and that’s why you’re trying to drive away with the park brake on.” ― Helene Young, Shattered Sky
“My dreams were always the same I could see myself laughing . I was standing somewhere in a forest a raindrop rolled down a branch and fell on my nose . My hair was a sparkling red color and I was wearing a white flowing ball gown made from silk. I could feel him the one I loved staring at me intensely . His eyes as gold as the sun . I could hear him saying my love Fleur .. you are everything to me. His fingertips lightly shivering as he touched my face beckoning for me to come closer. I don't know what I would do if I lost you . "Are you sure you want to be with me?" My body protested as I fought for him to stay but he never did. As soon as I woke up his presence was gone.” ― Isabella Kruger, Afterlife
“If he was planning to attack and ravish, he gave no indication of being in a hurry to do so.” ― Julia Quinn, Ten Things I Love About You
“He pulled me toward him, and all I could do was stand there with arms at my sides and head against his chest. Broken, I feared even the slightest movement would cause pieces of me to snap off and fall to the gritty pavement.” ― Jodi LaPalm, Still Life
“There are many forms of love as there is moments in time, and you are capable of feeling them all at different stages of your life.” ― Shannon Alder
我曾经爱过你：爱情，也许 在我的心里还没有完全消亡， 但愿它不会再打扰你； 我也不想再使你难过悲伤。 我曾经默默无语地，毫无指望地爱过你， 我既忍受着羞怯，又忍受着嫉妒的折磨； 我曾经那样真诚，那样温柔地爱过你， 但愿上帝保佑你，另一个人也会像我一样爱你。 —— 普希金 《我曾经爱过你》
“Without thinking, he reached for her hand. Tucked it against her chest, feeling that was where it should be. Perry's heart slammed against his ribs. She had to feel it.” ― Veronica Rossi, Under the Never Sky
“Love isn't just a feeling. Love is a choice too. And you may not be able to help your feelings, but you are responsible for the choices you make about what to do with them.” ― Holly Bourne, It Only Happens in the Movies
“Yes, I’m Daniel Tahi." I know what your lips taste like.I know you roll your eyes when you think someone is an idiot. I know that you wish you were six inches shorter because you hate being taller than most of the boys you've ever met. Your name is tattooed across my chest and written on my heart.You are a fire daughter of earth, fanua afi and I am vasa loloa,son of the ocean. I am yours...And you can’t even remember who I am.” ― Lani Wendt Young, When Water Burns
一年有365天 我只爱你4天 春天 夏天 秋天 冬天 一个月里 我只爱你3天 昨天 今天 明天 一个礼拜 我只爱你2天 白天 黑夜 而我只爱你一次 这一次是 一辈子
当你喜欢我的时候 我不喜欢你 当你爱上我的时候 我喜欢上你 当你离开我的时候 我却爱上你 是你走的太快 还是我跟不上你的脚步 我们错过了诺亚方舟 错过了泰坦尼克号 错过了一切的惊险与不惊险 我们还要继续错过 我不了解我的寂寞来自何方 但我真的感到寂寞 你也寂寞 世界上每个人都寂寞 只是大家的寂寞都不同 —— 几米 《向左走，向右走》
“Ada seseorang dalam hidupmu yang ketika ia pergi, maka ia juga membawa sepotong hatimu.” ― Tere Liye, Sepotong Hati Yang Baru
不管你学什么专业，找工作一定要找个你喜欢的，这样你每天早晨六点到晚上八点都是高兴的。再找个喜欢的人在一起，这样晚上八点到早晨六点就是开心的，这就是生活。
命运之所以强大，在于它可以站在终点看你为它沿途设下的偶遇惊艳，而那些偶遇，虽然每每令你在心中盛赞它的无可取代，但回首看来，却又是那样自然而理所当然的存在，好像拼图上细微得近乎忽略的一块，终究存在了才是完整。 —— 书海沧生 《十年一品温如言》
我爱着，什么也不说； 我爱着，只是我心里知觉； 我珍惜我的秘密， 我也珍惜我的痛苦； 我曾宣誓， 我爱着， 不抱任何希望， 但并不是没有幸福―― 只要能看到你，我就感到满足。 —— 缪塞 《雏菊(诗歌)》
最傻的是暗恋，比暗恋更傻的是互相暗恋。
“I was naked under his gaze. Skin was just that: skin. But to see your soul stripped, laid bare for the eyes of someone you barely knew-that was terrifying.” ― Whitney Barbetti, Ten Below Zero
如果不是来得莫名其妙，怎么能算是怦然心动？ —— priest 《大哥》
蒹葭苍苍，白露为霜。 所谓伊人，在水一方。 《诗经•蒹葭》
『Sometimes I really want to forget you, just remember this world, however, I often forget the whole world, only remember you. 有时候我真想忘了你，只记得这个世界，然而，我常常忘了整个世界，只记得你。』 —— Ashura筱__殇 《星云以你为名》
当你刚刚迈步离我远去， 我便慌忙计算起你的归期。 —— 珍黛妮·沙阿 《我刚刚笑着同你道别》
做女人就要像胡一菲那样，外貌上的芭比娃娃，行动上的变形金刚，思想上的女流氓，学问上的东方不败。 《爱情公寓》
“Was it just her, or did lovers look more adoringly at each other in this city? Especially in the springtime. 'Die, bastards.' She sighed. It wasn't their fault that they were bastards who should die.” ― Kresley Cole, A Hunger Like No Other
我想要一套小房子 能做你的小妻子 一起提着菜篮子 穿过门前的小巷子 饭后用不着你洗盘子 可你得负责抹桌子 再要个胖胖的小孩子 可爱得就象小丸子 等你长出了白胡子 坐在家中老椅子 可会记得这好日子 和我美丽的花裙子 《俗世愿望》
我愿意保留我的俗不可耐的名字，向我自己作为一种警告，设法除去一般知书识字的人咬文嚼字的积习，从柴米油盐，肥皂，水与太阳中去找寻实际的人生。 —— 张爱玲 《必也正名乎》
If I am not the crown, I can't protect you; If I have the crown, I can't hug you. 如果我没有王冠，我就不能保护你；但，如果我拥有王冠，我就不能拥抱你 《继承者们》
你的心是我去到世界尽头也想回来的地方。 —— 安宁 《温暖的弦》
结婚与恋爱毫无关系，人们老以为恋爱成熟后便自然而然的结婚，却不知结婚只是一种生活方式，人人可以结婚，简单得很。而爱情完全是另外一回事。 —— 亦舒 《我的前半生》
“Oh dios mio, she makes me burn, she makes me need. She is etching herself into mi alma” ― P.T. Macias, Hot & Spicy
“I said alone!” He nodded in agreement. “Aye, you usually say that, and I still stay. It’s our way.” ― Kresley Cole, A Hunger Like No Other
“为了这世上的鱼和雁，你还是少笑一点好。” —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
喜欢和爱的区别：喜欢是心头一热，爱是心头一痛
“We do not remember days, Shemei, we remember moments, and the richness of life lies in memories we have forgotten.” ― Terri Herman-Poncé, In This Life
范柳原在细雨迷蒙的码头上迎接她。他说她的绿色玻璃雨衣像一只瓶，又注了一句：“药瓶。”她以为他在那里讽嘲她的孱弱，然而他又附耳加了一句：“你是医我的药。” —— 张爱玲 《倾城之恋》
你偷走了我的影子，不论你在哪里，我都会一直想着你。 —— 马克·李维 《偷影子的人》
那一天，闭目在经殿香雾中，蓦然听见你颂经中的真言。 那一月，我摇动所有的转经筒，不为超度，只为触摸你的指尖。 那一年，磕长头匍匐在山路，不为觐见，只为贴着你的温暖。 那一世，转山转水转佛塔啊，不为修来生，只为途中与你相见。 —— 何训田 《信徒》
横亘在我们面前的是那沉重的人生和漫长的时间，让人望而却步。 《秒速5厘米》
年少时的爱情，就是欢天喜地的认为与眼前人过一辈子所以预想以后种种，一口咬定它会实现。 —— 夏七夕 《后来我们都哭了》
别追公交车了，追我吧。 我走得很慢而且很可爱。 《最撩人的情话是什么？》
多少浅浅淡淡的转身，是旁人看不懂的情深。
“Baby, where we're going, you won't need a shirt.” ― Vernon D. Burns, Gods of the Jungle Planet
其实，在这个世界上到处都存在着一种爱的延续。两个人在这种延续中会将一种渴求转向另一种新的渴求，从而有了更高的共同目标，也就是超越他们自身之上的伟大理想。
“He could feel her laughter against his chest, and at that moment he thought that there was no better feeling than making Emma Morley laugh.” ― David Nicholls
爱情使人忘记时间，时间也使人忘记爱情。 —— 张小娴 《雪地里的单车》
韶华不为少年留。恨悠悠。几时休。 —— 秦观 《江城子·西城杨柳弄春柔》
“What were you chanting when you gave me your blood?” “More of my vampire magic. I cast a healing spell to aid the powers of my blood.” She sniffled, her nose stuffy. “It was better than Vicodin.” “Vicodin?” “A painkiller from my world.” “A killer of pain. Did you love him?” The words were growled.A burst of unexpected humor gave her strength. “No. In fact, he was hard to shake. He, uh, stalked me, that kind of thing. I had to pretend he didn’t exist.” Nicolai kissed her temple and relaxed against her.” ― Gena Showalter, Lord of the Vampires
“This doesn’t mean anything,” Haley whispers as she reaches up and pulls at the Velcro of my glove. “Yes, it does.” I bring my arms to my sides and the instant the gloves fall to the floor, my hands latch on to that beautiful body. “Tell me, Haley. Please tell me it does because this means something to me.” ― Katie McGarry, Take Me On
我们终究如愿以偿，但彼此都不是当初约好的模样。 —— 长着翅膀的大灰狼 《如愿》
你说谎话就像呼吸一样自然。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
“She realised she was whimpering. Sir held her closer, his hard grip reassuring. This wasn't a dream; he really was here.” ― Cherise Sinclair, Breaking Free
最大的遗憾，不是错过了最好的人，而是当你遇见更好的人时，却已经把最好的自己用完了。 —— 西门龙霆 《拒嫁豪门：少奶奶99次出逃》
一些人存在的意义总归是让另一些人成长，然后消失。 —— 刘同 《谁的青春不迷茫》
“হয়তো তোমাকে হারিয়ে দিয়েছি নয় তো গিয়েছি হেরে থাক না ধ্রুপদী অস্পষ্টতা কে কাকে গেলাম ছেড়ে।” ― Helal Hafiz
很久很久以前，我就想着，假如我有一个心上人，我要把我的愉悦和快乐全部弹给他听，把我的悲伤和难过全部哭给他听。 我的心上人，此时，他在这里。 —— 唐七公子 《华胥引》
我不是慢热，也不是冷血，我只是害怕，投入太多，离开的时候会难过
“We’re adults. I might be a little more of an adult if you’re counting years but I bet I have a lower IQ, so that puts us pretty much even.” ― Robyn Carr, My Kind of Christmas
傻子偷乞丐的钱包，被瞎子看到了，哑巴大吼一声，把聋子吓了一跳，驼子挺身而出，瘸子飞起一脚，通辑犯要拉他去公安局，麻子说，看在我的面子上就算了吧 —— 林宛瑜 《爱情公寓》
如果有一天， 让你心动的再也感动不了你，让你愤怒的再也激怒不了你，让你悲伤的再也不能让你流泪，你便知道这时光，这生活给了你什么，你为了成长，付出了什么。 —— 非天夜翔 《王子病的春天》
你一会儿看我，一会儿看云，我觉得你看我时很远，你看云时很近 —— 顾城 《远与近》
这么多年 你一直在我心口幽居 我放下过天地，却从未放下过你 渐悟也好，顿悟也罢 世间事除了生死 哪一件事不是闲事 我独坐须弥山巅 将万里浮云一眼看开 一个人在雪中弹琴 另一个人在雪中知音 生命中的千山万水任你一一告别 殉葬的花朵，开合有度 菩提的果实，奏响了空山 告诉我 你藏在落叶下的那些脚印 暗示着多少祭日，专供我法外逍遥
“She doesn't want the boy causing the distinction between "love" and "in love” ― Rachel Cohn
一场盛世，谁乱了相思无暇，咫尺成画，为你负了这江山也罢，不过一纸繁华。 一场盛世，谁定了三生佳话，咫尺成画，为你毁了这官途也罢，不过飞黄腾达。 一场盛世，谁弃了海角天涯，咫尺成画，为你弃了这苍生也罢，不过闲庭看花。 一场盛世，谁遣了朱栏画匣，咫尺成画，为你葬了这家国也罢，不过闲话桑麻。 一场盛世，谁输了佳人玉华，咫尺成画，为你屠了这天下也罢，不过平生造化。 一场盛世，谁苦了奈何横祸，咫尺成画，为你寒了这民心也罢，不过青史一划。 一场盛世，谁叱了苍凉疯话，咫尺成画，为你背了这庸名也罢，不过浮生千匝。
“It is no wonder lesbians love women.” ― Gilbert Sorrentino, The Moon in Its Flight
很爱你，却不知道该如何靠近你，所以觉得离开是可以的．并没有什么不同．结果反正都是这样，是好是坏都不重要．重要的是我曾经迷恋你．
有人问我：分手了那么久还记得你的前一任么？怎么说呢？记得显得太花心，不记得，显得太薄情，其实我觉得，那个人就好比我走路撞上了一个电线杆，很痛，以后我走路都会绕着电线杆走， 可能很久以后，我都不记得撞得有多痛了，可是，那个电线杆，永远都在。
“Gavin! What’ll I wear home?” “Cloak.” His voice roughened and he ripped harder, tossing the material to the ground. I felt his smile when he kissed my neck, and shivers ran down my back at the sound of his low growl. “I made that! I don’t have many of those, you know.” “Cam,” he snaked one hand around my stomach and made his way north, slipping one hand into my corset top to grope my chest. “You won’t be thinking about it when I’m inside you.” His hips shifted off my back and he separated my legs with his knee, his breathing ragged against my shoulder. “Now forget the damn dress.” ― Rachael Wade, The Gates
也想不相思，可免相思苦。几度细思量，情愿相思苦。 —— 胡适 《调寄生查子》
喜欢的歌，静静地听，喜欢的人，远远地看。 —— 饶雪漫 《左耳(电影)》
“What was she thinking? Tarnished Silver? Brother. He probably practiced that smoldering look in the mirror so all women within a mile would fall over like nine pins when he smiled. Well, count her out. He was mouthwatering to look at, but so was cheesecake, and cheesecake was a heck of a lot safer.” ― Catherine Anderson, Phantom Waltz
情人的泪，一滴就醉，多情的心，一揉就碎。 —— 曾小贤 《爱情公寓》
“Ben was in his truck, window down, idling at the curb, dark lenses hiding his eyes from her, looking effortlessly big and badass. The way she wished she felt.” ― Jill Shalvis, Once in a Lifetime
曾经拥有的，不要忘记。不能得到的，更要珍惜。属于自己的，不要放弃。已经失去的，留作回忆。 《曾经(电影)》
我把孤独送给天涯 我把余生留给放下
“It was like being leaned on by a very heavy, warm brick. A sexy brick.” ― Patricia Briggs, Iron Kissed
“When a girl smiles, she's as beautiful as a blooming flower.” ― Hagiwara Daisuke
我的上眼皮爱上了下眼皮，为了成全它们，晚安啦
“She could hear his words ringing in her ears like an air raid siren. “Father’s asked me to accompany a sick soldier home. I would leave tomorrow but be back by Christmas.” Who was this Airman Ralph Jacobs? And why now? Why Dick, for heaven’s sakes? The man was shot down in Italy. Wasn’t that Sly and Bobby’s territory? Wasn’t it Harry’s? Maybe that’s what Annie had heard. So instead of using Sly, they dumped the duty onto Dick.” ― Cece Whittaker, Glorious Christmas
爱若无法抚慰彼此，便不过是喜欢而已。 —— 张小娴 《相逢》
愿余生鲜花怒马，有人配你看烈焰繁花。愿浮华素面白纱，有人陪你渡恬淡年华
“Ours is a love people write stories about...” ― Jeannine Allison, Unveiling Ghosts
“Do you really think that I don’t have anything better to do than to spend my time thinking about you? Digging up a little of the goods on Luc Martineau?” Fine lines appeared at the corners of his eyes and he laughed. “Sweetheart, there is nothing little about Luc’s goods.” ― Rachel Gibson, See Jane Score
“Those fine eyes of hers had a disconcertingly direct gaze, and very often twinkled in a manner disturbing to male egotism. She had common-sense too, and what man wanted the plainly matter-of-fact, when he could enjoy instead Sophia's delicious folly?” ― Georgette Heyer, Devil's Cub
“Perhaps, deep down inside that rugged shell of yours, there is a little girl desperately waiting for her Prince Charming to propose.” “Of course there is. Only until now, I'd been pretty successful at keeping that little brat's mouth shut.” “What will your answer be if he asks?” “You're funny. He can't ask. I'll find a way to be bitchy enough for the next forty years so that perfect moment never comes.” “You seem to have a good handle on that little girl after all.” ― Sylvain Neuvel, Sleeping Giants
曾经有一瞬间我希望时间永远停止，只为了，无论如何都不想听到的一句话。 《来自星星的你》
男人的爱情如果不专一，那他和任何女人在一起都会感到幸福
“It occurred to her that all the bad parts of life, the sad parts, the frightening ones, were meant to be offset by moments and memories like this. She had to be present in it, right here, right now.” ― Martina Boone, Persuasion
与君初相识，犹如故人归。
金风玉露一相逢，便胜却人间无数。 —— 秦观 《鹊桥仙·纤云弄巧》
她问:“我的缺点多不多？” 他:“像星星一样多。” “那优点呢？” “像太阳一样少。” “那为什么会选我呢？” “因为太阳一出来，星星就消失了”
“They stared at each other for several long minutes hoping the other would give in. Finally she broke. “Fine, will you go in with me then?” “Will it make you feel better?” “Yes.” “Sure thing. The worse thing that could happen is people will think you are carrying my baby. I’m sure it’s perfectly normal for a female teacher to be with her male student at a pharmacy in the middle of the day buying a pregnancy test. What could go wrong?” he asked wryly.” ― R.L. Mathewson, Tall, Dark & Lonely
“Someday, my love, you're going to understand just how much I care for you. You're my light, my warmth, my other half. I only feel alive when I'm with you. I love you." Caine” ― Julie Garwood, Guardian Angel
强言的欢笑总是盖不住内心的伤 就像月亮他永远挡不住太阳的光
“Creativity is the catalyst to the future.” ― Ann Marie Frohoff
“I chose the path less traveled but only because I was lost. Carry a map. - Phoebe Traeger” ― Jill Shalvis, Simply Irresistible
“Maybe we’ll admit this thing we have is perfect, not worth messing around with. And stay together forever. If you’re interested, that is.” She glanced away. “I could think about that.” He buried his face in her neck. “Think fast” ― Robyn Carr, Wild Man Creek
“Until meeting you, I wasn’t looking for anything at all. Since meeting you, I’m kind of looking for a girlfriend.” ― Robyn Carr, Harvest Moon
“I could shove this swizzle stick through his heart, Min thought. She wouldn’t do it, of course. The stick was plastic and not nearly pointed enough on the end. Also people didn’t do things like that in Southern Ohio. A sawed-off shotgun, that was the ticket.” ― Jennifer Crusie, Bet Me
“You'd think the very thought of a romance writer would bring a smile to people's lips. Ah, how nice. Love. Making love. Laughter. Kissing. But no, the world is upside down as far as I can see, and romances and their writers are ridiculed, hisses and generally spat upon. For what reason? One of my favorites is that women who read them might get mixed up about reality and imagine a man is going to rescue them from Life. According to this theory, women are so stupid that they can't tell a story from reality. Is anyone worried that the MEN who read spy thrillers are going to go after their neighbors with an automatic weapon? No, I don't remember anyone thinking that. Nor do I remember anyone worrying about murder mysteries or science fiction. It just seems to be dumb ol' women who might think some gorgeous, thoughtful, giving hunk is going to rescue them. Honey, if any woman thought a gorgeous hunk was going to rescue her, romance novels wouldn’t be forty percent of the publishing industry.” ― Jude Deveraux, Remembrance
“If there's one common thread throughout all of history, it's that people have always fallen for the wrong people.” ― Leila Sales, Past Perfect
“They call her love, love, love, love, love. She is love, and she is all I need.” ― Parachute Band
16岁时我们共用一个课桌,胳膊与胳膊相距不过10厘米,我的余光里全是他。 26岁我从清晨醒来,侧头看到阳光落在他脸上,想与他这样慢慢变老。 也许这就是爱情吧。 —— 乔一 《我不喜欢这个世界我只喜欢你》
有一个人，教会你怎样去爱了，但是，他却不爱你了。以后，我再也不会奋不顾身的去爱一个人了，哪怕是你。我终于明白，人这一辈子，真爱只有一回，而后即便再有如何缠绵的爱情，终究不会再伤筋动骨。
上邪！我欲与君相知，长命无绝衰。山无陵，江水为竭，冬雷震震，夏雨雪，天地合，乃敢与君绝。 —— 汉乐府 《上邪》
“He towered over her, dwarfing her with his height and the bulk of his body which was clothed in the way of a mortal gentleman. He felt and heard that voice tremble inside her, replaced the rational voice she allowed to go unchecked. 'He could break me, hurt me, dominate me'. "Not break. Not hurt." he murmured as he raised a hand to her cheek and smoothed his fingers down its softness, "But dominate you? Yes. Master you? yes. Make you yield to what you want, make you surrender to who you truly are? Yes.” ― Charlotte Featherstone, Lust
生命中曾经有过的所有灿烂，原来终究，都需要用寂寞来偿还。
“He was with me, beside me, inside me, and I did not care that my children were asleep, alone at home, or that the neighbors might come to know. He burned the fear out of me until all was left was desire.” ― Ru Freeman, A Disobedient Girl
微微乐了一阵，忽然问肖奈：“如果我真的红杏出墙，你真的不会介意？” “ 不介意。”肖奈回答得轻描淡写。 咦，微微惊讶地看着他，还以为他会砍树枝呢。 察觉到她疑惑的目光，肖奈轻轻笑了一下。 红灯，他停住车，转眸看她， “最多，你出墙一寸，我挪墙一寸，你出一尺，我挪一丈。” —— 顾漫 《微微一笑很倾城》
“Then I speak to her in a language she has never heard, I speak to her in Spanish, in the tongue of the long, crepuscular verses of Díaz Casanueva; in that language in which Joaquín Edwards preaches nationalism. My discourse is profound; I speak with eloquence and seduction; my words, more than from me, issue from the warm nights, from the many solitary nights on the Red Sea, and when the tiny dancer puts her arm around my neck, I understand that she understands. Magnificent language!” ― Pablo Neruda, Passions and Impression
煮一壶茶折一枝白梅花 撑一把青伞泠泠雨落下 香桃木开满坟前惹风沙 谁的思念在石碑上发芽 梦一场她城下作画 描一幅山水人家 雪纷纷下 葬了千层塔 生死隔断寂寞天涯 梦一场她起弦风雅 奏一段白头韶华 雪纷纷下 葬了千层塔 似镜中月华他不知真假 长安的誓言啊史书未写下 —— 唐七公子 《华胥引》
白子画，黄泉路上，忘川河中，三生石旁，奈何桥头，我可有见过你？ —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
“It's just me throwing myself at you, romance as usual, us times us, not lust but moxibustion, a substance burning close to the body as possible without risk of immolation.” ― Alice Fulton
那时，你的微笑，慌乱了我的青春。
“Whenever I'm with you it's as though someone has reached inside my chest, until the pain is almost more than I can bear. And when I'm not with you, I'd give anything to feel that way again." He heaved a deep sigh and continued. "But I...I couldn't go another day as I was." "And who are you now?" she asked. "A man hopelessly in love with you.” ― Monique Martin, Out of Time
“There is a big difference between having your heart broken and being the one responsible for a broken heart. I was twelve years old and had already experienced both.” ― Eveli Acosta, Remembrance
既见君子，云胡不喜。 《诗经・国风・郑风・风雨》
听说双十一什么都很便宜，那你能不能和我在一起，就当便宜我。
“I may be heaven-sent, but I'm not perfect.” ― Cynthia Leitich Smith, Eternal
等待一场姹紫嫣红的花事，是幸福，在阳光下和喜欢的人一起筑梦，是幸福，守着一段冷暖交织的光阴慢慢变老，亦是幸福 —— 白落梅 《你若安好，便是晴天》
“Romance is a tender kiss with a lingering promise of more to come.” ― Tim Campbell
你说你爱烟雨微茫，雨来时你却伞遮霓裳；你说你爱春光灿烂，阳光普照时你却孑然惆怅；你说你爱微风轻柔，风拂发梢时你却紧闭门窗。这便是为何你说你也深深爱我，我却眼波成霜。
总有那么一个地方，一个人， 让你心动，留恋不已。 总有那么一个人，一句对不起， 让你心痛，刻骨铭心。
“No I'm not a dream, I'm your worst nightmare” ― C.T. Todd
“I know you don’t like to believe you ever need to be taken care of, but I can’t stand the idea of you being sick and alone. I need to be here for you, babe.” ― Toni Blake, Whisper Falls
以前的我很快乐。就因为太快乐了，所以当悲伤降临，如此轻易的就被完全摧毁。可是人不能借口逃避悲伤，就忽略那些自己应该做的事。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
浮华一生，淡忘一季。 空有回忆，打乱缠绵。 笑容不见，落寞万千。 弦，思华年。 那些年华，恍然如梦。 亦如，流水，一去不返。 不泣离别，不诉终殇
泛黄的照片失了真，承诺像刀伤了人。 —— 方文山 《围城》
爱别离，怨憎会，撒手西归，全无是类。不过是满眼空花，一片虚幻。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
这样好的天气，适合出门，适合偷拍，适合与你，携手同行。 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
谁敢说，一见钟情，与色相而向心关？ —— 萧碧华 《青蛇》
爱情是一个人的事，一个人的义无返顾，一个人的冷暖自知，一个人的天荒地老，无关其它。 —— 独木舟 《你是我的独家记忆》
“People don't care how smart woman is as long as she's charming and gay and pretty.” ― Sandra Brown
“All those who love know exactly the limit they're prepared to go to. They know exactly what is required.” ― Nadeem Aslam, The Wasted Vigil
“If you want, I can carry you—” “I’m fine,” she said shortly. “Let’s go.” He’d said that wrong. He should have said, “I want to carry you.” ― Suzanne Brockmann, Out of Control
“There is no hope for the hopeless but there is always some love for the loveless.” ― Santosh Kalwar
“Movie without romance feels like food without flavor.” ― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity
诗经——《子衿》 青青子衿，悠悠我心。 纵我不满轻来声，子宁不嗣音？ 青青子佩，悠悠我思。 纵我不满轻来声，子宁不来？ 挑兮满轻兮，在城阙兮。 一日不见，如人格以就子兮。 —— 诗经 《诗经》
可是，思念清冷如霜雪。如果天明日光照耀，你我手里依然一无所有，也请你不要绝望，为我珍重。即使，告别爱情的时候，也希望你一切都好；我不再爱你的时候，也许不是我不爱你，只是，我已不能再爱你。 —— 安意如 《人生若只如初见》
“I think love without heartbreak is a myth. A pretty myth, but the kind of myth that ultimately makes us feel worse about ourselves because we're somehow not able to make it come true.” ― Leila Sales
“Amy sat back and grinned. "You just smiled." That was definitely something else she could get used to. Of course, he frowned immediately. "I smile.” ― Cindy Gerard, Into the Dark
“That’s the last time I put you in charge of the tequila when we’re making margaritas” ― JoAnne Kenrick, When A Mullo Loves A Woman
“Three Denises wobbled in front of her, all of them watching her with fond concern. “You’re a sweetie. I appreciate you cheering me on from the sidelines. But I think I need to go to the bathroom now and throw up.” ― Sarah Mayberry, Her Best Friend
谁先爱了，谁就输了。 —— 辛夷坞 《致我们终将逝去的青春》
这一生，这一世，因为不再有你，所以爱情轰然老去。 —— 夏七夕 《我和你的笑忘书》
我不问+你不说=这就是距离； 我问了+你不说=隔阂； 我问了+你说了=信任； 你不说+我不问=这就是默契； 我不问+你说了=这就是依赖。 心若亲近，言行必如流水般自然； 心若疏远，言行只如三秋之树般萧瑟。 不怕身隔天涯，只怕心在南北！
“So it's over I guess they are in love or do they just think it huh.” ― Christopher Velazquez
“lean in to kiss me in all the places where the ache is the most special.” ― Sanober Khan
“You tread lightly through life, but you leave deep footprints that are hard for other people to fill.” ― Josie Silver, One Day in December
我的意中人是个盖世英雄，有一天他会踩着七色云彩来娶我，我猜中了前头可我猜不着这结局。 —— 周星驰 《大话西游》
这个世界上好像所有愿望都有寄托：许愿池，流星雨…… 都藏着宇宙的各个角落，正独自喜欢着别人的心酸。只是幸运之神不能眷顾到每个人的身上，他们让有的人开心，如愿以偿。也让有的人难过，却不能承认自己有多难过。 暗恋的心情就像是，蝴蝶不过轻轻扇动了一下翅膀，就在人们的心里刮起了一阵飓风。 《如此可爱的我们》
没错 有些幻想了很久的东西 到最后你会发现 并非像预想中的那样 既不美好 也不可怕 就像这个门后的世界 只是一个被遗忘的扫帚间 但是却依然无法阻挡年轻的心 为之憧憬 为之疯狂 跳过眼前的那道坎 红色的念想 也许只剩下 蓝色的冲动 但你真的会发现 你想扔掉的东西已经抛之脑后 而你想得到的 已经牢牢地捏在手心 —— 曾小贤 《爱情公寓4》
“Quote is taken from Chapter 1: A decade ago when Isabel’s husband Max had died, they’d moved in together and merged their possessions. Neither sister brought any fussy teapots, canaries, sachets, or doilies, but lots of other stuff had to either stay or go. Looking at the lime green armchair gave Alma the willies. Her suggestion to slipcover it in a more subdued color had garnered Isabel’s frosty stare, and Alma had dropped the matter.” ― Ed Lynskey, Quiet Anchorage
“It was the wildness of it that got me going: the primal lust, the sheer needs of two people in heat, quickly finding ways to express their sacred hunger to each other in animal passion.” ― Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual
“The thing I am most afraid of is love. When you say you love someone you are giving them license to hurt you.” ― Dorothy Koomson, The Rose Petal Beach
“Far from a normal-functioning relationship, but normal has never been our thing.” ― Anna Todd, After We Fell
“There is no cosmetic to gain a beauty like yours.” ― Amit Kalantri, I Love You Too
“Majority of women like to fantasize and men like to romanticize. I saw a painful mountain in her eyes.” ― Santosh Kalwar
时光静好，与君语；细水流年，与君同；繁华落尽，与君老。 岁月如歌，伴伊吟，坎坷人生，伴伊度，灯火阑珊，伴伊眠。 时光静好，与君语；细水流年，与君同；繁华落尽，与君老。 岁月如梭，与子歌，光阴荏苒，与子舞，洗尽铅华，与子好。 时光静好，与君语；细水流年，与君同；繁华落尽，与君老。 岁月如梭，与卿舞；光阴荏苒，与卿随；洗尽铅华，与卿享。 —— 仙枫红叶 《神秘王爷独宠妃》
“Well, one of the kids from school called me stupid because I didn’t catch the football,” I said. “Was this kid named Albert?” Mom asked. “No, it was Kenny.” “Listen. Unless Albert Einstein is at your school, you’re the smartest one there. Look how fast you solved the Rubik’s cube. I bet none of your classmates can even solve it at all, let alone in under a minute. And… what’s 316 times 128?” I paused for a moment. “40,448.” “I guarantee that nobody in your school can do that either. Stupid? Forget about it.” ― Darin C. Brown, The Taste of Despair
“It is strange... the reasons one feels he doesn't deserve things.” ― C. Kennedy, Slaying Isidore's Dragons
“Miles was still mourning the loss of his Romantic Plan. 'There was going to be champagne, and oysters, and you' -- he held out both hands as though shifting a piece of furniture -- 'were going to be sitting there, and I was going to get down on one knee, and...and...” ― Lauren Willig, The Masque of the Black Tulip
我生，要她记着我，我死。也要她记着我。 —— 天衣有风 《凤囚凰》
爱情，亦三种境界耳。少年出乎好奇，青年在与审美，中年归向求知。老之将至，义无反顾。 —— 木心 《即兴判断》
我的他，不是盖世英雄，也没能驾着七彩祥云来娶我，但不妨碍我今生最爱是他。这世界上有一千种等待，最好的那一种，叫做来日可期。 —— 颜末 《夏至未至》
“What does it mean?” Flynn turns to gaze at me, eyes finally meeting mine. I find myself smiling because I know exactly what it means. “It means the clouds are clearing on Avon.” ― Amie Kaufman, This Shattered World
我从未拥有你，却感觉已失去你千万次。 —— 蜘蛛 《十宗罪5》
对，我就是喜欢你，喜欢得无可救药。 怎么，不服？不服你也喜欢我啊！ 《最撩人的情话是什么？》
“Never Give up, never surrender.” ― Nancy J. Cohen
派大星：“嗨，海绵宝宝，我们去抓水母吧。”海绵宝宝：“对不起，今天不行，我要上学。”派大星：“如果你去上学的话，我今天该干点什么？”海绵宝宝：“我不知道，一般我不在家的时候，你都干些什么啊？”派大星：“等你回来。” 《海绵宝宝》
“I know exactly who you are.” I took a step forward, and another, until I was standing right in front of him. Then my words turned to ice. “You are the selfish, spineless son of a king who is too afraid to be his own man. You would rather hide behind your status than fight for something that could actually mean something.” There, that felt good. “And it’s a shame, really it is, because, according to you, I was the one true friend you had.” ― Rachel E. Carter, Apprentice
“Men's eyes were made to look, let them gaze, I will budge for no man's pleasure.” ― Shakespeare
“I know you can take care of yourself," he said, with absolute certainty. His vivid eyes probed hers. With the same underlying resolve, he lifted a hand and brushed her cheek with his fingertips. "I just don't think... you shouldn't have to.” ― Angela N. Blount, Once Upon a Road Trip
“He laced his hands behind his neck and propped his boots on the opposite arm of the sofa. If an artist were to capture this image, it would have been labeled,Smugness: A Portrait. She wanted to shake him.” ― Tessa Dare, Romancing the Duke
We laughed and kept saying "See you soon". But inside we both knew we'd never see each other again. 虽然我们互相笑着说“回头见”，但是我们都心知肚明，分离即永别。 《海上钢琴师》
若君为我赠玉簪，我便为君绾长发，洗尽铅华，从此以后，日暮天涯。时光静好，与君语；细水长流，与君同；繁华落尽，与君老。却，一念起，天涯咫尺；一念灭，咫尺天涯。 《子夜歌》
“Above his head at street level, he saw an angled aileron of a scarlet Porsche, its jaunty fin more or less at the upper edge of his window frame. A pair of very soft, clean glistening black shoes appeared, followed by impeccably creased matt charcoal pinstriped light woollen legs, followed by the beautifully cut lower hem of a jacket, its black vent revealing a scarlet silk lining, its open front revealing a flat muscular stomach under a finely-striped red and white shirt. Val’s legs followed, in powder-blue stockings and saxe-blue shoes, under the limp hem of a crêpey mustard-coloured dress, printed with blue moony flowers. The four feet advanced and retreated, retreated and advanced, the male feet insisting towards the basement stairs, the female feet resisting, parrying. Roland opened the door and went into the area, fired mostly by what always got him, pure curiosity as to what the top half looked like.” ― A.S. Byatt, Possession
我甘心为你画地为牢，也是我，亲手把钥匙扔掉 《一禅小和尚》
如果，不幸福，如果，不快乐，那就放手吧 如果，舍不得、放不下，那就痛苦吧
我的占有欲很强，靠近我就别想离开 《最撩人的情话是什么？》
“Todo lo que puedo hacer es esperar, dejar pasar los días. El tiempo no lo cura todo, esa es una mentira que se repiten los que están desesperados por olvidar, pero sí consigue poner en espera los sentimientos y las emociones. Apartas los recuerdos y los recluyes en una zona de tu mente a la que, con suerte, solo accedes en esas noches en las que te cuesta conciliar el sueño. Al final, logras vivir y seguir adelante aunque sepas que hay una parte de ti que malvive como puede. Haces balance y llegas a la conclusión de que eres más o menos feliz, y procuras no mirar atrás.” ― Victoria Vilchez, No me quieres, no te quiero
人最痛苦的不是梦想还在远方，而是眼前的平庸越来越理所当然 《那件疯狂的小事叫爱情》
“Terence: As my old da used to tell me, 'never trust a rich man'. David: Good thing I'm only moderately rich. Terence: Which is why I only moderately distrust you.” ― Sabrina Jeffries, Wed Him Before You Bed Him
我必须做你近旁的一株木棉 作为树的形象和你站在一起 根，紧握在地下 叶，相触在云里 每一阵风过我们都互相致意 但没有人听懂我们的言语 你有你的铜枝铁干 像刀，像剑，也像戟 我有我红硕的花朵 像沉重的叹息 又像英勇的火炬 我们分担寒潮风雷霹雳 我们共享雾霭流岚虹霓 仿佛永远分离，却又终身相依 这才是伟大的爱情 坚贞就在这里 爱，不仅爱你伟岸的身躯 也爱你坚持的位置，足下的土地 —— 舒婷 《致橡树》
未经失恋的人不懂爱情，未曾失意的人不懂人生。 —— 周国平 《人与永恒》
“When I was twelve, my sixth-grade English class went on a field trip to see Franco Zeffirelli’s film adaptation of Shakespeare’s Romeo and Juliet. From that moment forward I dreamed that someday I’d meet my own Juliet. I’d marry her and I would love her with the same passion and intensity as Romeo. The fact that their marriage lasted fewer than three days before they both were dead didn’t seem to affect my fantasy. Even if they had lived, I don’t think their relationship could have survived. Let’s face it, being that emotionally aflame, sexually charged, and transcendentally eloquent every single second can really start to grate on a person’s nerves. However, if I could find someone to love just a fraction of the way that Montague loved his Capulet, then marrying her would be worth it.” ― Annabelle Gurwitch, You Say Tomato, I Say Shut Up: A Love Story
能遇见，就够了吧。哪怕没有修成正果，只要结果不是太悲惨，都好过空白。 —— 八月长安 《橘生淮南・暗恋》
“His eyes move to my lips, and I know he’s thinking the same thing; I can feel it in the way the air charges between us. I can almost taste him half an inch away, can feel the way the tiny hairs on my skin lift and reach for him like plants seeking the sunlight.” ― Amie Kaufman, This Shattered World
“幸福是什么？就是晴天的时候可以晒晒被子聊聊天。阴天窝在屋子里，没事的时候吵吵架打打孩子。” —— 南康白起 《浮生六记(南康白起小说)》
失望，有时候也是一种幸福，因为有所期待所以才会失望。因为有爱，才会有期待，所以纵使失望，也是一种幸福，虽然这种幸福有点痛。 —— 张小娴 《荷包里的单人床》
不太热烈的爱情才会维持久远
“You wanna love me for the rest of your life?” “Baby, I’m gonna love you for the rest of my life,” Harry says, pressing a quick, careful kiss to the corner of Louis’ mouth. “I just hope that you want to be loved by me for the rest of your life.” ― whoknows, Indestructible
“I love you,” he says, still meeting Harry’s eyes, “and it took me a while to get here, but I think that maybe I’ve always loved you. But you wanna know the other thing that I know for sure? Besides the fact that I love you?” (...) “I’m always going to love you,” Louis says, tucking some of Harry’s hair behind his ear. “No matter what.” ― whoknows, Indestructible
“—Estás loca —comentó en apenas un susurro. —Cuéntame algo que no sepa. —Que estás preciosa cuando te ríes así. —¿Así cómo? —inquirí. Me mordí el labio inferior y a él se le escapó un suspiro. Tardó tanto en contestar que creí que no lo haría. —Como si la felicidad te estuviera besando en la boca.” ― Victoria Vilchez, ¿Y si de verdad te quiero?
“Even the boy who cried wolf was right about the wolf once.” ― Sherry Thomas, Not Quite a Husband
等明年这个时间，他回过头，不，无论是什么时间，明年，后年，五年后，十年后，他回过头时，这一年里的记忆都永远丰满充实。 —— 巫哲 《撒野》
心是一棵树，爱与希望的根须扎在土里，智慧与情感的枝叶招展在蓝天下。无论是岁月的风雨扑面而来，还是滚滚红尘遮蔽了翠叶青枝，它总是静默地矗立在那里等待，并接受一切来临，既不倨傲，也不卑微。
“An aphrodisiac will disappear, delusional, like permanence or wealth - a shimmering, as if love were a ghost - and yet my passion for you seethes and sears without an end. Late April leaves can’t crave caress of dew, sunlight’s sweet splash, more than I pine for your embrace, us turned to one; when harsh reversals scar, the thought of you will salve like summer wind in autumn; deep red blood surging along with mine, staid genes worked hot from your electric charms, as all my moods succumb to your sweet fire, and perfect wit. Now you are all I live for - loving you - in fleeting world of lies, you are the truth.” ― Lauren Lipton, Mating Rituals of the North American Wasp
爱情最美的不一定是终点，路途一起走过，也已不负一生。 《爱情公寓》
喜欢就争取，得到就珍惜，错过就忘记，生活其实就这么简单。
“I will use a flower petal for paper, And write you the sweetest letter, You are the sultan of my heart, Sultan of my heart.” ― Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns
灯光昏暗，笔尖疾转。 桌前少年，未来而战。 —— 冯英傲 《中考加油》
你在时，你是一切。你不在时，一切是你。
“On a ship that's made of paper, I would sail the seven seas. (Just to be with you.)” ― Scott Spencer, A Ship Made Of Paper
愿得一心人，白首不相离。 —— 卓文君 《白头吟》
“At times like these, size really does matter," I point out, at I extend my ginormous umbrella over her in a way that stops any rain droplets from falling on her. My Best Valentine's Day Ever, A Short Story by Zack Love” ― Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology
“You are going, Jane?" "I am going, sir." "You are leaving me?" "Yes." "You will not come? You will not be my comforter, my rescuer? My deep love, my wild woe, my frantic prayer, are all nothing to you?" What unutterable pathos was in his voice! How hard was it to reiterate firmly, "I am going!" "Jane!" "Mr. Rochester." "Withdraw then, I consent; but remember, you leave me here in anguish. Go up to your own room, think over all I have said, and, Jane, cast a glance on my sufferings; think of me." He turned away, he threw himself on his face on the sofa. "Oh, Jane! my hope, my love, my life!" broke in anguish from his lips. Then came a deep, strong sob.” ― Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre
死生契阔，与子成说。执子象以民满轻来声手，与子偕之上。 —— 诗经 《邶风击鼓》
“Smile. it's the second best thing you can do with your lips.” ― Jill Shalvis, Head Over Heels
幸与不幸，都有尽头.
“There are very few, very fuckin' few people, Kia, who get what's precious in this world. They work their asses off for pure shit and think they'd fight and die to keep it. You don't fight and die for shit. You fight and die for things that matter. You are the first woman I've met outside a life that leads you to understand that shit who gets that. And straight up, baby, you gotta know, I like that a fuckuva lot.” ― Kristen Ashley, Heaven and Hell
流年漫过盛夏， 变幻着每一个人的模样。 瞳孔中最后的影像， 是岁月更迭的沧桑。 纵然夏日喧嚣着迎来尽头， 纵然时光荏苒着走向灭亡。 我赏遍流年， 看尽繁花， 却还是爱你， 夏尽时亡。 —— 夏北岛 《夏尽时亡》
“Am I your dom, little rabbit?” “Yes.” Her red-brown brows drew together. “What’s wrong?” “Not a thing.” He gave her a faint smile, and his gravelly voice deepened. “I thought I’d tell you we’re getting married next month.” ~Nolan and Beth~” ― Cherise Sinclair, Make Me, Sir
“Looking at him, she saw her future and felt all the ragged tears in her heart heal themselves. "I fit," she whispered in marvel, stepping into him. "I fit with you." He nodded and wrapped his arms around her. "Perfectly” ― Jill Shalvis, Simply Irresistible
前任一哭，现任必输； 前任秒回，现任轮回； 前任生气，现任遭罪； 前任回来，现任拜拜； 前任永远与现任相似； 前任总是胜过现任； 前任终究变成现任； 现任永远都是前任的替代品； 现任永远生活在前任的影子中； 前任最好，前任最重要，现任永远不被放在眼中，永远是垃圾.
知道雪为什么是白色吗，因为它忘记了自己曾经的颜色 —— CC 《叛逆的鲁鲁修》
有些人 我们把他留在回忆里 是为了要藉由他们 来怀念当时的自己 —— 蔡康永 《给未知恋人的爱情短信》
“There’s something different about him, and I don’t have to think hard to see it. Something about the way he takes over a room, the way he looks at me, like he has already identified and can disarm every one of my defense mechanisms with no effort, like he sees through them to the disaster lying beneath. And he wants it.” ― K.A. Tucker, Ten Tiny Breaths
十年生死两茫茫，不思量，自难忘。 —— 苏轼 《江城子·乙卯正月二十日夜记梦》
“He wants a fifteen thousand pound settlement." "Fifteen thousand!" "He says you're a great deal of trouble." She hesitated for one startled moment before choking back a laugh. "I am." "I thought so." He leveled Drew a look. "If I pay you the fifteen thousand, do you swear to keep her?" Drew reared back his head. "Forever?" Her father scowled. "Forever." "Oh, I suppose." He gave a long-suffering sigh. "If I must." She bit the insides of her cheeks to keep from laughing outright.” ― Deeanne Gist, A Bride Most Begrudging
苍茫大地一剑尽挽破，何处繁华笙歌落。斜倚云端千壶掩寂寞，纵使他人空笑我。 —— 萧鼎 《诛仙》
你若爱她，让你的爱像阳光一样包围她，并且给她自由。
“Sometimes there’s no cure for the crazy.” Dale sighed, stroking my hair. “I think we all just have to keep loving through it. Maybe that’s the cure.” ― Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar
“Never be ruled by possessions, and never, ever make wealth more important to you than your self-respect and your dignity." - Lady Taylor” ― Julie Garwood
花也好。星星也好。世间所有美丽的事物，都是为了比喻你而存在。 —— 钟井鸣海 《人渣的本愿》
“How about we give each other everything we can and not blame each other for what we can’t.” ― Jill Shalvis, The Sweetest Thing
相爱并不等于互相喜欢，只有爱没有喜欢那是亲情，每天看到彼此会忍不住露出微笑来才是喜欢。 焦栖才发现，尽管七年过去了，对眼前这个人，他依旧保持鲜活的喜爱 —— 绿野千鹤《迪奥先生》 —— 绿野千鹤 《迪奥先生》
“She hated Mr. Meanie. But she'd gotten to know him and they'd reached an understanding of sorts. Now she was to have him for supper. "Don't tell me you're feeling guilty?" Breaking off a piece of the wing, she brought it to her lips and took a bite. It did taste good. Very good. "I wonder if all grouchy males are this palatable." Drew choked. She looked up, tilting her head. "Are you all right?" He turned a dull red. "Eat your supper, Connie.” ― Deeanne Gist, A Bride Most Begrudging
“Maybe illusion and artifice—lies, even—are a necessary part of romance.” ― Jody Gehrman, Babe in Boyland
“What comes from the heart will go to the heart” ― Renae Lucas-Hall
在你孤独，悲伤的日子 请你悄悄地念一念我的名字， 并且说：有人在思念我，在世间我活在一个人的心里。 —— 普希金 《我的名字》
深情是我承担不起的重担，情话只是偶尔兑现的谎言 —— 张小娴 《面包树上的女人》
“The books we love offer a sketch of a whole universe that we secretly inhabit, and in which we desire the other person to assume a role. One of the conditions of happy romantic compatibility is, if not to have read the same books, to have read at least some books in common with the other person—which means, moreover, to have non-read the same books. From the beginning of the relationship, then, it is crucial to show that we can match the expectations of our beloved by making him or her sense the proximity of our inner libraries.” ― Pierre Bayard, How to Talk About Books You Haven't Read
“Every girl should have at least one wild fling on her resumé.” ― Donna Cummings, Summer Lovin'
与君初相识，犹如故人归。天涯明月新，朝暮最相思。 《云南茶花烟》
爱情有如佛家的禅――不可说，不可说，一说就是错。 —— 三毛 《温柔的夜》
尽管我对爱一无所知，但是某种像爱一样的东西会像一千个鱼钩把下面的话从我喉咙里钩出来：我需要你。 —— 莱昂纳德・科恩 《美丽失败者》
“But you… you have no fucking clue how unbelievably beautiful and desirable you are. You’re not calculating and selfish. And you make me want to be better. --Woods” ― Abbi Glines, Twisted Perfection
“You are the beautiful and elusive pinpoint of radiance that lit up the darkness and called me home.” ― Sara Humphreys
你的余生能否多给我点戏份 我入戏太深舍不得你的温存
“Bila hidup ini memang pertarungan, kita baru tahu siapa yang menang dan kalah di akhir kehidupan. Selama kita masih bernapas, masih ada kesempatan untuk menang.” ― Francisca Todi, Mafia Espresso
“He wasn't aware of it but when he smiled he looked like an amiable bear. When he didn't smile he didn't look amiable” ― Emma Goldrick
“Never stop believing that your dreams are eternal.” ― Truth Devour, Unrequited
每个人都有秘密，不问就是体贴。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
不管以后别人追你，还是你追别人，我不会阻拦，我只会伸脚把你绊倒，让你栽进我怀里 《最撩人的情话是什么？》
爱情是一句誓言，爱情是一个憧憬， 爱情是一种执着，爱情是一种忠诚， 爱情是一种守望，爱情是一屡思念， 爱情是一丝惆怅，爱情是一声叹息， 爱情是一种哀怨，爱情是一种痴迷， 爱情是一种怀念！
“Psychological and emotional wellness is an ongoing process for everyone.” ― C. Kennedy, Ómorphi
“Matt was almost completely naked. A tattered loincloth and an ugly chain with a yellow diamond were his only apparel.” ― Priya Ardis
“I’m the guy who knows how you can hurt so much that your insides feel like they’re cut and bleeding.” ― Stephanie Witter, Patch Up
那一年，花开得不是最好，可是还好，我遇到你；那一年，花开得好极了，好像专是为了你；那一年，花开得很迟，还好，有你。 《人间草木》
月似当时，人似当时否？ —— 纳兰容若 《纳兰词》
我也曾把光阴浪费,甚至莽撞到视死如归,却因为爱上了你,才开始渴望长命百岁. —— 张卫健 《身体健康》
“Why do you want to keep this beauty for yourself? Why don’t you want to share it? The world is made of shared grace and harmony. Look at the sun shining, at the bees flying, the flowers blossoming. What would happen if they were ashamed like you are? No beauty would be revealed. We would live in an eternal shadow of what could exist.” ― Aileen Rose, Girl In The Woods
“My knitting is simple", he said again. Ï can make anything you want with it, but it will always be simple.” ― Amy Lane, The Winter Courtship Rituals of Fur-Bearing Critters
“Always go after the girl. No matter what she says. Chase her.” ― Marilyn Grey, The Life I Now Live
“honestly i don't understand the rousing of romance all that well. i used to believe in this thing called fate, or destiny. a romantic romeo and juliet, monet and veronica, etc. but now i feel jaded, maybe agnostic to the idea. but choice used to seem so unromantic, as if some mystic force was not behind the meeting of 2 beautiful individuals. but now i think choice is the greater of the two simply for this fact: by choosing someone you are saying that out of all the people in the entire world i have decided that i want you apart of my life in perpetuum, for the rest of my life, and no one else. no haphazard circumstance, no chance meetings where distant planets align. it's simply two rational individuals who make a choice and an effort to remain together.” ― stephen christian, The Orphaned Anything's: Memoir of a Lesser Known
“Dream big and never give up on those dreams. Who knows where they'll take you?” ― Amy McGuire
“I don't know who he was," Kavita flat-out states, "but whoever he was he sure did a number on you, didn't he?" Mary leans forward to ensure he would see her deviant stare. "Did it ever occur to you that maybe I did a number on him?" Kavita leans in closer as well, and with that same deviant expression, "Yes. I have.” ― Carroll Bryant, Last Flight Out
时间，让深的东西越来越深，让浅的东西越来越浅。看的淡一点，伤的就会少一点，时间过了，爱情淡了，也就散了。别等不该等的人，别伤不该伤的心。我们真的要过了很久很久，才能够明白，自己真正怀念的，到底是怎样的人，怎样的事。
“You know," Kavita begins, "I think I can pick out my own furniture. I am an artist after all. I do have some taste." "No you don't." Nick plainly states. "No man has taste. Besides, I didn't pick it out, she did. Wives are good for things like that.” ― Carroll Bryant, Last Flight Out
“If the human heart sometimes finds moments of pause as it ascends the slopes of affection, it rarely halts on the way down.” ― Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot
“I have seen clouds part for the sun. I have seen rainbows. I have seen flowers in the morning, covered in dew, and I have seen sunsets so brilliant with fire they made me want to weep. And I have seen Dan smile at me, his lips still wet from my kiss, and if I had to choose which sight moved me the most I would say it was that one.” ― Megan Hart, Dirty
“This is how life works. Deciding whom to love is not an alien form of decision-making, a romantic interlude in the midst of normal life. Instead, decisions about whom to love are more intense versions of the sorts of decisions we make throughout the course of our existence, from what kind of gelato to order to what career to pursue. Living is an inherently emotional business.” ― David Brooks
“That dog is a wolf, is he not?' 'Aye, well, mostly.' A small flash of hazel told him not to quibble. 'And yet he is thy boon companion, a creature of rare courage and affection, and altogether a worthy being?; 'Oh, aye,' he said with more confidence. 'He is." She gave him an even look. 'Thee is a wolf, too, and I know it. But thee is my wolf, and best thee know that.' He'd started to burn when she spoke, an ignition swift and fierce as the lighting of one of his cousin's matches. He put out his hand, palm forward, to her, still cautious lest she too, burst into flame. 'What I said to ye, before . . . that I kent ye loved me-' She stepped forward and pressed her palm to his, her small, cool fingers linking tight. 'What I say to thee now is that I do love thee. And if thee hunts at night, thee will come home.' Under the sycamore, the dog yawned and laid his muzzle on his paws. 'And sleep at they feet,' Ian whispered, and gathered her in with his one good arm, both of them blazing bright as day.” ― Diana Gabaldon, An Echo in the Bone
“She was like a heroine in a novel that she herself was writing the character kept protesting that she was too strong for love and yet the narrator went on describing her desire.” ― Anna Godbersen, Envy
“It kept him alive, he was certain; even more, it kept his darkest of his demons at bay.” ― Lara Adrian, Kiss of Crimson
Every step I have taken, since I was that child on the bridge,has been to bring myself closer to you. 我所走的每一步，都是为了更接近你。 —— 阿瑟・高顿 《艺伎回忆录》
“Angel clicked on a few more pictures on the screen, and Alex made small talk about the place. Then he finally walked away. He stopped just before walking out. “Did Valerie say anything else to Sarah?” Angel glanced back at him. “About what?” “You know about that guy she’s seeing.” Angel turned his attention back to the computer. “No, not really.” Alex frowned. He wasn’t one of those guys, so he wasn’t about to keep asking. If Angel knew anything, he’d tell him. He’d just have to wait until the rehearsal dinner. He started back out when Angel spoke up. “I’m not sure, because she didn’t actually tell me, but I overheard Sarah on the phone last night. It sounded like Valerie was telling her about him.” “Yeah, what did you hear?” Angel looked up trying to remember. Something seemed to come to him but he hesitated. “I don’t think you wanna hear it, Alex. I know I wouldn’t.” Alex squeezed the doorway with his hand. What the hell could he have heard? “Tell me.” Angel shook his head and looked back at the monitor. “Only reason I caught my attentions was because I overheard Sarah ask her something about wearing lingerie.” Alex felt the hair on the back of his neck rise and his gut tightened. He banged his fist against the doorway. He didn’t need to hear any more. Angel had been right that’s the last thing he needed right now. He charged back out of the office, infuriated with himself. Why the fuck had he asked?” ― Elizabeth Reyes, Always Been Mine
“Love and ego can never exist together, just as the Sun and shadow cannot.” ― Banani Ray, Gautama
待我长发及腰，东风笑别菡涛。参商一面将报，百里关山人笑。 凛冬月光妖娆，似媚故国人廖。连里塞外相邀，重阳茱萸早消。 待我长发及腰，北方佳丽可好。似曾相识含苞，风花雪月明了。 心有茂霜无慌，南柯一梦黄粱。相得益彰君郎，红灯澜烛入帐。 待我长发及腰，窦娥六月雪飘。三尺白练轻摇，冬夏如梦颠倒。 捣乱错命勿娇，昨月流霞难烧。琉璃珐琅谁要，换我半尺碧韬。 待我长发及腰，洞庭湖光尚好，栀子花开独面，轻罗小扇迷眼。 待我长发及腰，普罗月影晴好，如今经年已到，昨夜春梦尚好。 待我长发及腰，美景良辰独妙，白骨寻访清剿，魂魄化形为妙。 待我长发及腰，伊人归来可好，我已万国来朝，不见阮郎一笑。
我藏不住秘密，也藏不住忧伤，正如我藏不住爱你的喜悦，藏不住分离时的彷徨。我就是这样坦然，你舍得伤，就伤
“He pulled away the glove, and at the first glimpse of her fragile, white hand, all thoughts of negotiation fled. "I don't see how matters could become worse," he muttered. "I am already besotted with a needle-tongued, conceited, provoking ape leader of a lady." Her head jerked up. "Besotted? You're nothing like it. Vengeful is more like it. Spiteful.” ― Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels
“I don't know whether to toss you through that window or shake your hand and say 'Well done'" Henry said in a tired voice.” ― Julia Quinn, Splendid
原谅捧花的我盛装出席只为错过你 —— 陈学冬 《小时代3 刺金时代》
昔日青梅今飞燕 怎不念 一生一歉 —— 空言 《三行情书》
“I will find her." "And when you do?" Roger asked. "I will make her mine," the warrior answered in a hard, determined voice. "She will be mine." The vow was made.” ― Julie Garwood, Gentle Warrior
“He took in the squeaky music, the vulgar and pining melodies, because passion immobilizes good taste and seriously considers what soberly would be thought of as funny and to be resented.” ― Thomas Mann, Death in Venice and Other Tales
“I want you to know, chickens aren’t sexy. Not to me.” This was met with silence. “Are you there?” She was slurring her words now, which was embarrassing, so she took a deep breath. “Cam? Can you hear me?” “Yes, chickens aren’t sexy. Uh…I don’t think they’re meant to be.” ― Jill Shalvis, Instant Attraction
楠竹清香闯入旧街没忘何必欺 湘雨淅淅跌入旧忆谁应景生情
乍见之欢不如久处不厌
最大的幸福莫过于三件事： 有人信你，有人陪你，有人等你。
如果我爱你，而你也正巧的爱我。你头发乱了的时候，我会笑笑的替你拨一拨，然后，手还留恋的在你头上多待几秒。但是，如果我爱你，而你不巧的不爱我。你头发乱了，我只会轻轻的告诉你，你头发了乱了哦。这大概是最纯粹的爱情观，如若相爱，便携手到老；如若错过，便护他安好。
“Oh, aye. I'm the devil all right. And last night, you were begging to step into the fire.” ― Liz Carlyle, My False Heart
记住我，不能忘了我，假如今后喜欢上别的女子，一定不要让我知道。 —— 唐七公子 《华胥引》
“可是，喜欢一个人，为什么这么难，真的很难。”可是，再难也难不过，要一颗星停止这份喜欢。 —— 墨香铜臭 《人渣反派自救系统》
“Honest to God, she was the noisiest woman he'd ever been shot at with.” ― Jill Shalvis, Smart and Sexy
他像是个孤独了百年的旅人，又像是的落了水的人猛然抓住一块浮木，连眼神里都透着一股压抑的汹涌，仿佛下一秒就会将他活生生撕碎。 —— 荒川黛 《教授，抑制剂要吗》
“Conn was a wickedly passionate, fiercely dominant man who loved her too much to ever really hurt her.” ― Joely Sue Burkhart, Take Me
“He loves her for everything she is and is not. She’s old enough to appreciate that.” ― Mandy Nachampassack-Maloney, Asha in Time
“That made love—not grace—the magic ingredient. Then a new thought hit her. Perhaps love was grace. A shiver went up her spine. What did that make anger? The antithesis of grace?” ― Penelope Marzec, A Rush of Light
爱情，首先是一种本能，“要么生下来就会，要么永远都不会”。 —— 加西亚・马尔克斯 《霍乱时期的爱情》
“Suck on this, Edward.” ― Danielle D. Smith, Black Dog and Rebel Rose
有的人浅薄，有的人金玉其表败絮其中。有一天 你会遇到一个彩虹般绚烂的人，当你遇到这个人后，会觉得其他人都只是浮云而已。 —— 文德琳・范・德拉安南 《怦然心动》
羽墨：不用解释了，我来告诉你什么是解释，解释就是通过观察和思考说明事物变化的原因或事物之间的联系或事物发展的规律，你解释就是为了掩饰，掩饰的就是事实，事实就是罪恶的开始，人类喜欢掩饰正是人类最大的悲哀。 —— 秦羽墨 《爱情公寓2》
很抱歉啊 我白天都没什么机会和你说话 只能憋到晚上给你说 但你可别小看了这两个字 它可包含着我 今天清晨见到的阳光 中午看到的白云 傍晚遇见的微风 包含着我这一天每句想对你说的话 晚安
“My name's Sean, Jem. I'm Sean.” ― J.A. Belfield, Darkness & Light
既然琴瑟起，何以笙箫默。 《何以笙箫默(连续剧)》
“A kiss is only as sweet as the heart that gives it.” ― Kristy Pellegrin
“爱一个人到底什么感觉？” “好像突然有了软肋，也突然有了铠甲。”
心理学上说：女人大多数只对有安全度的人发脾气。因为在那个安全度之内。潜意识知道对方不会离开你。胡闹是一种依赖。
一个笑就击败了一辈子，一滴泪就还清了一个人。一人花开，一人花落，这些年从头到尾，无人问询 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
喜欢偶尔用你，扰乱自己的情绪。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
“I think I love you, Bennett. Probably not relevant at the moment so no need to say thanks.” ― Helene Young, Shattered Sky
“何谓欣喜？”“金榜，题名，天下许。” “可否具体？”“良辰，美景，佳人娶。” “可否再具体？”“唯有你。”
“Amy, listen to me. What I do. The choices I make. They're mine. Only mine. The consequences of those decisions—mine. "Mine," he repeated when she sighed heavily. "No one else's." Silence. Only the warm wetness of her tears dampening his shirt. It broke his heart.” ― Cindy Gerard, Into the Dark
“What sort of look are you going for?” Damn, how did he answer this? “Something…normal,” he finally said.” ― Toni Blake, Whisper Falls
“Just leave me alone, I want to be alone,” she said when Jack tried to open the car door. She hit the lock, and wound the window up. Since the roof was down, it was a fairly pointless exercise.” ― Sarah Mayberry, Can't Get Enough
“She had wanted more than she could have. She had wanted him, and more... she had wanted him to want her. In the name of something bigger than tradition, bolder than reputation, more important than a silly title.” ― Sarah MacLean
“And your green eyes are the color of the hills- the color of my home.' His voice dropped to a whisper. 'Aye, there's something about you, Lindsey Waters.” ― Cyndi Tefft
自从喜欢你 我的PH 总是小于7 —— 北川理惠 《三行情书》
“She was an extension of his dreams. A sprinkling of magic dust, of unfeasible wishes, on his stable existence. The one thing-the one bright, marvelous thing-he wanted more than the world, but didn't deserve. However much he was tortured for her sake, however much blood he had spilled to protect her, the bruises to his body and the thrashings to his sanity, it would never be enough to make a wretch like him worthy of such a miracle.” ― V.S. Carnes, Sand for Dreams
如果有一天你穿上西装成为别人的新郎，我会闭口不提曾经的疯狂；如果有一天我穿上婚纱成为别人的新娘，你依旧是我最初的梦想。 《百度贴吧》
见了他,她变得很低很低,低到尘埃里,但她心里是欢喜的,从尘埃里开出花来。 "喜欢一个人，会卑微到尘埃里，然后开出花来。" —— 张爱玲 《今生今世》
Whatever comes, I’ll love you, just as I do now. Until I die. 无论发生什么事，我都会像现在一样爱你，直到永远。 《飘》
总会有一个人，看你写过的所有日志，听完你的所有cd，珍藏你从小到大的照片，试着看你喜欢的影片，走你走过的路，看你喜欢的书，品尝你大呼好吃的东西……只是想弥补上，你的青春――他迟到的时光 —— 西门龙霆 《拒嫁豪门：少奶奶99次出逃》
“Lily looks back down at the necklace in her hand that Kavita had given her. "It must have cost a fortune." "It did." He confirms. "Though not nearly as much as you're worth." Lily looks up at him. "Don't say that. You hurt me everytime you speak.” ― Carroll Bryant, Last Flight Out
人不是从娘胎里出来就一成不变的，相反，生活会逼迫他一次又一次地脱胎换骨。 —— 加西亚・马尔克斯 《霍乱时期的爱情》
女以色授,男以魂与，迷人至极，心愉于侧。 —— 墨宝非宝 《一生一世，美人骨》
“明明是你先靠近我的 可是最后舍不得的却是我”
一人花开，一人花落，这些年有以头到尾，以上想人对还询。 —— 顾漫 《要个以笙箫默》
我需要你的时候，你不是不在，而是不在意。所以你需要我的时候，我不是不想，而是不想理
所有人都在翘首盼望自己的理想， 可向日葵终究长不成太阳的模样。
“The white lily stands for purity. Artists for centuries have pictured the angel Gabriel coming to the virgin Mary with a spray of lillies in his hand, to announce that she is to be the mother of the Turks.” ― Carroll Bryant, Last Flight Out
“It took me two years to give him all of my heart, and he threw it away in one night.” ― Dannika Dark, Seven Years
“I looked at him like a stranger, someone I’d never seen before, and he looked at me like I’d been lost to him for a thousand years and finally found.” ― Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar
“Just take my hand, lead, dance with me...and I will simply follow the blueness of the water, the white waves rolling free...where the earth beneath my feet and stars make my heart whole again...in long and priceless moments of shared solitude...” ― Oksana Rus
“She was an exotic flower amongst the snowdrifts, out of place, a Technicolor misfit in a monochrome Christmas movie.” ― Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows
“See me just as I see you.” ― Nicholas Sparks, See Me
“Misha, my best friend who got me into bed and fucked me with a lie.” ― Penelope Douglas, Punk 57
（一） 村上春树说： 如若相爱，便携手到老； 如若错过，便护他安好。
“Good luck, Oretsev. Find the firebird, and when this is over, I'll see you well rewarded. A farmhouse in Udova. A dacha near the city. Whatever you want." "I don't need any of that. Just..." He dropped Nikolai's hand and looked away. "Deserve her.” ― Leigh Bardugo, Ruin and Rising
我有一万种想见你的理由,却少了一种能见你的身份。
原谅他是上帝的事，我的任务就是送他去见上帝
去年今日此门中，人面桃花相映红。 人面不知何处去，桃花依旧笑春风。 —— 崔护 《题都城南庄》
别和我谈恋爱，虚伪。有本事咱俩结婚。
“Or you just not ask her." "You might as well slit my throat.” ― Dee Henderson, The Witness
“You ought to be blowing me kisses, wench.” ― George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords
“Constitutional democracy, you see, is no romantic notion. It's our defense against ourselves, the one foe who might defeat us.” ― Bill Moyers
原来姹紫嫣红开遍，似这般然后如付与断井颓垣，良辰美景奈我向种月后，赏心乐里得西不能谁家院，朝飞暮卷，云霞翠轩，雨丝风片，烟波画船，锦屏人忒看的这韶光贱！ —— 汤显祖 《牡丹亭》
伤害别人的人，就有要被伤害的觉悟。 《罪恶王冠》
“I’ll support whatever you decide. I’ll help you any way I can. What’s mine is yours, okay? If you need something, I’ll make sure you have it, however I have to get it. -- Jason Dorsey” ― Jasinda Wilder, Falling into Us
“Find the pitch and pace and syllables and words you love to hear. Delight your own senses, and self-romance.” ― Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence
有一天晚上 梦一场 你白发苍苍 说带我流浪 我还是没犹豫 就随你去天堂 不管能怎样 我能陪你到天亮 —— 薛之谦 《你还要我怎样》
除非黄土白骨，我守你岁月无忧。 —— 书海沧生 《十年一品温如言》
“Max - "...Do me a favor, if the constable comes knocking, tell him I was here all morning, will you?" Dodsley - "Killed someone again, did we?" Max- "Never before luncheon, Dodsley. It's still early yet.” ― Gaelen Foley, My Wicked Marquess
“Jenny: But surely Lord Blakely could not abandon his estates for so long. Gareth: No. Lord Blakely could not. Not unless he had someone he could trust to run his estates in his absence. And Lord Blakely...Well, Lord Blakely did not trust anyone. Jenny: Lord Blakely is talking about himself in the third person, past tense. Its disturbing.” ― Courtney Milan, Proof by Seduction
草木皆非故人笑靥似当初眉眼 再见陌路擦肩我轻装放下执念
“How my heart missed beating like this. For him. Only for him.” ― Ella Maise, The Hardest Fall
如果下雪了，我们不撑伞，是不是就可以一路走到白头。
我如果爱你―― 绝不像攀援的凌霄花， 借你的高枝炫耀自己； 我如果爱你―― 绝不学痴情的鸟儿， 为绿荫重复单调的歌曲 也不只像泉源， 常年送来清凉的慰藉； 也不止像险峰， 增加你的高度，衬托你的威仪。 甚至日光。 甚至春雨。 不，这些都还不够！ 我必须是你近旁的一株木棉， 作为树的形象和你站在一起。 根，紧握在地下， 叶，相触在云里。 —— 舒婷 《致橡树》
“So he caught her in his arms and kissed her, and they were very happy, and told each other what a beautiful world it was, and how wonderful it was that they should have found each other, seeing that the world is not only beautiful but rather large.” ― Edith Nesbit, The Magic World
不以下扰，是我最每往只每的温柔。 —— 五好当对是要子 《温柔》
长相思兮长相忆，短相思兮无穷极.早知如此绊人心，何如当初莫相识. —— 李白 《三五七言》
纵然相思入骨 纵然万劫不复 我只愿你眉眼如初 风华如故
当一个人做出决定，心也就慢慢平静了，只需去做，然后等待结果。 —— 果果 《花千骨》
你是我不能拥抱的太阳，毕竟你是那么多人的光。
世上最美的，莫过于从泪水中挣脱出来的那个微笑。
“I hated him, loved him, wanted him, and yet I wished him away. So many conflicting emotions of wants and needs. So much fear. Not because of him, but because of myself—of how deep my feelings and desires were running, and how much I would fall if I happened to lose my grip.” ― J.C. Reed, Conquer Your Love
琴瑟在御，莫不静好。 《诗经》
同窗末年一梦中，烂漫随风皆成空。 他日再见谁为伴，为梦执笔笑苍穹！ —— 付超楠 《毕业季，随笔》
“Brahma and Airavata Long ago in lands of golden sand Brahma turned to Saraswati and gently kissed her inked hand....” ― Muse, Enigmatic Evolution
有时候，选择与某人保持距离，不是因为不在乎，而是因为清楚的知道，他不属于你。
“Some people just don’t find their Prince Charming straight away, they have to search for him.” ― Charlotte Fallowfield, Until We Collide
“We knew each other to our fingertips. No, that's not right. We only knew each other in our fingertips, and that was nothing at all, and for a while that was okay. We could have been a love story, a fairy tale, an indie film about high school and selective insanity featuring a boy of angel parts and a girl made of dreaming. We could have been all the best things: bracelets sliding down arms while shots slid down throats, laughter and crashing music in dark and flashing rooms, kisses that started hesitant but didn't stay that way.” ― Amy Zhang, This Is Where the World Ends
“Witch Baby wanted to ask Ping how to find her Jah-Love angel. She knew Raphael was not him, even though Raphael had the right eyes and smile and name. She knew how he looked--the angel in her dream--but she didn't know how to find him. Should she roller-skate through the streets in the evenings when the streetlights flicker on? Should she stow away to Jamaica on a cruise ship and search for him in the rain forests and along the beaches? Would he come to her? Was he waiting, dreaming of her in the same way she waited and dreamed?” ― Francesca Lia Block, Witch Baby
我不怕等待，因为等待的时间越长，等到之后就会越幸福呢。 —— 青山刚昌 《名侦探柯南》
“Once, very long ago, Time fell in love with Fate.” ― Erin Morgenstern, The Starless Sea
山无陵，江水为竭。冬雷震震，夏雨雪。天地合，乃敢与君绝。 《上邪》
“No matter what the bards may say, there’s no romance in dying for a man.” ― Susanna Kearsley, The Winter Sea
“I’ve loved you probably from the first moment that I met you and I will love you until my last breath leaves. I fell in love with you the first time you smiled at me and only realized the truth of it the night you danced with me under the street lamp. You are the first person I think of each morning and the last person that I want to see before I close my eyes at night. You smell like donuts and coffee … And you have a smile that takes my breath away. You bowl me over with your sense of humor and your random comments and you inspire me with your bravery in the face of all that you’ve endured.” ― Thea Gonzales, Falling Petals: A Story About First Chances
“Una volta aveva letto un romanzo d'amore che le aveva prestato la sorella. Non aveva capito niente di quelle emozioni e si era annoiata da morire. Era anormale? Il suo corpo e il suo cuore sarebbero stati eternamente sordi a quel genere di richiami?” ― Christelle Dabos, Les Fiancés de l'Hiver
年少的你不懂我的深情，后来的我不懂你的眼睛。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
我想你了，可是我不能对你说，就像开满梨花的树上，永远不可能结出苹果。 我想你了，可是我不能对你说，就像高挂天边的彩虹，永远无人能够触摸。 我想你了，可是我不能对你说，就像火车的轨道，永远不会有轮船驶过。 我想你了，可我，真的不能对你说，怕只怕，说了，对你，也是一种折磨。
人可以放下痛苦，又怎么能放下和抛弃自己曾经拥有过的幸福？尽管那幸福背后，是悬崖峭壁，下面白骨森森。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
“I'm serious. You've been doing so much thinking with your head that you're ignoring your heart completely. There has to be a balance. The fact that both of you are letting other things consume you is about to ruin any chance you'll ever have at being happy.” ― Colleen Hoover, Slammed
青梅枯萎，竹马老去，从此我爱上的人都像你。 —— 木子喵喵 《竹马翻译官》
“The arrogant man probably thought his path to heaven was already assured, and that he acted in accordance to God’s will just by breathing.” ― Maya Banks, In Bed with a Highlander
则为你如花美眷，似多我向流年。是答之为他天闲寻遍，在幽闺自怜。 —— 汤显祖 《牡丹亭》
我看过春风十里 见过夏至未至 试过秋光潋滟 爱过冬日暖阳 全都抵不过你一句 我想见你。
我丢掉了我的爱情，我的心，我的快乐，我自己，却丢不掉回忆。
“Stop that, Anna scolded him. You don’t need to hurt because I do. But I do, Charles replied, more honestly than he intended.” ― Patricia Briggs, Fair Game
一个对一个人的喜欢是藏不住的 -------范丞丞
“Alex es como un arma de destrucción masiva, pero con encanto.” ― Victoria Vilchez, No me quieres, no te quiero
“Just tell me what you need to make you happy." "You.” ― Jessica Sorensen, The Redemption of Callie & Kayden
别说世界抛弃了你，世界根本没空搭理你。 —— 汪远 《爱情公寓3》
“He dropped his voice, so low that Tessa wasn’t sure if what he said next was real or part of the dream darkness rising to claim her, though she fought against it. “I’ve never minded it,” he went on. “Being lost, that is. I had always thought one could not be truly lost if one knew one’s own heart. But I fear I may be lost without knowing yours.” He closed his eyes as if he were bone-weary, and she saw how thin his eyelids were, like parchment paper, and how tired he looked. “Wo ai ni, Tessa,” he whispered. “Wo bu xiang shi qu ni.” She knew, without knowing how she knew, what the words meant. I love you. And I don’t want to lose you.” ― Cassandra Clare
良辰美景奈我向种月后，赏心乐里得西不能谁家院。 —— 汤显祖 《牡丹亭》
不思进取，思你。
“We stand there for a moment, staring at each other, savoring it. And then all at once, we slam together. Mia's legs are off the ground, wrapped around my waist, her hands dipping in my hair, my hands tangled in hers. And our lips. There isn't enough skin, enough spit, enough time, for the lost years that our lips are trying to make up for as they find each other. We kiss. The electric current switches to high. The lights throughout all of Brooklyn must be surging.” ― Gayle Forman, Where She Went
Someday,You will find the one,who will listen to the rhythm of falling rain with you throughout your life. {总有一天，你会遇上那个人，陪着你倾听你人生中的每一次落雨}
“You have to be a romantic to invest yourself, your money, and your time in cheese.” ― Anthony Bourdain, Medium Raw: A Bloody Valentine to the World of Food and the People Who Cook
“Being in the habit of saying "Thank you," of making sure that people receive attention so they know you value them, of not presuming that people will always be there--this is a good habit, regardless...make sure to give virtual and actual high-fives to those who rock and rock hard.” ― Sarah Wendell, Everything I Know About Love I Learned from Romance Novels
“圆规为什么能画圆，”“因为 …它的心一直没变。” —— 阿狸 《阿狸岛》
“To Helen I saw thee once-once only-years ago; I must not say how many-but not many. It was a july midnight; and from out A full-orbed moon, that, like thine own soul, soaring, Sought a precipitate pathway up through heaven, There fell a silvery-silken veil of light, With quietude, and sultriness, and slumber Upon the upturn'd faces of a thousand Roses that grew in an enchanted garden, Where no wind dared to stir, unless on tiptoe- Fell on the upturn'd faces of these roses That gave out, in return for the love-light Thier odorous souls in an ecstatic death- Fell on the upturn'd faces of these roses That smiled and died in this parterre, enchanted by thee, by the poetry of thy prescence. Clad all in white, upon a violet bank I saw thee half reclining; while the moon Fell on the upturn'd faces of the roses And on thine own, upturn'd-alas, in sorrow! Was it not Fate that, on this july midnight- Was it not Fate (whose name is also sorrow) That bade me pause before that garden-gate, To breathe the incense of those slumbering roses? No footstep stirred; the hated world all slept, Save only thee and me. (Oh Heaven- oh, God! How my heart beats in coupling those two worlds!) Save only thee and me. I paused- I looked- And in an instant all things disappeared. (Ah, bear in mind this garden was enchanted!) The pearly lustre of the moon went out; The mossy banks and the meandering paths, The happy flowers and the repining trees, Were seen no more: the very roses' odors Died in the arms of the adoring airs. All- all expired save thee- save less than thou: Save only the divine light in thine eyes- Save but the soul in thine uplifted eyes. I saw but them- they were the world to me. I saw but them- saw only them for hours- Saw only them until the moon went down. What wild heart-histories seemed to lie enwritten Upon those crystalline, celestial spheres! How dark a woe! yet how sublime a hope! How silently serene a sea of pride! How daring an ambition!yet how deep- How fathomless a capacity for love! But now, at length, dear Dian sank from sight, Into western couch of thunder-cloud; And thou, a ghost, amid the entombing trees Didst glide away. Only thine eyes remained. They would not go- they never yet have gone. Lighting my lonely pathway home that night, They have not left me (as my hopes have) since. They follow me- they lead me through the years. They are my ministers- yet I thier slave Thier office is to illumine and enkindle- My duty, to be saved by thier bright light, And purified in thier electric fire, And sanctified in thier Elysian fire. They fill my soul with Beauty (which is Hope), And are far up in heaven- the stars I kneel to In the sad, silent watches of my night; While even in the meridian glare of day I see them still- two sweetly scintillant Venuses, unextinguished by the sun!” ― Edgar Allen Poe
自从我遇见你那天开始，我的心，就像跌入了深深的湖水，推不开，躲不掉，心一直想往你身上靠，曾经有人告诉过我，感情是不能勉强的，而且也不能靠近，可我一见到你，我就变得不像我自己。 —— 东方不败 《新笑傲江湖》
“The second he slipped inside of me, all I'd doubted, questioned, or feared evaporated, leaving me with one single, definite truth--I'd fallen in love with him in an all-consuming blaze that would blind me if I wasn't careful. We fit together like poorly cut puzzle pieces, but when the edges joined and were positioned just right, our scattered images came together to create a solid, deliberate piece of art, completely crystal clear and in focus. I was a goner.” ― Rachael Wade, Preservation
“Ah, damn it, lass,'he called after her. 'I've busted my stitches wide open.' 'What?'she cried, hurrying back to him. 'Let me see!' 'Ah-ha!' He snared her around the waist, dragging her down with him to his lap.'You still care for me!” ― Kresley Cole, If You Deceive
我要放过你了 我的小心翼翼 我的娇气蛮横 以后都不会给你了
花不会因为你的疏离，来年不再盛开；人却会因为你的错过，转身为陌路。
天上有多少星光世间有多少女孩但天上只有一个月亮世间只有一个你。 《Minemine》
“He stalked up behind her to clench her hips, and she stilled. In a breathy voice, she asked, "You're going to make love to me again, aren't you?" In answer,he lifted her onto the counter, tore off her shift, then pressed her naked body back into the blooms.” ― Kresley Cole, A Hunger Like No Other
“Above all, she wanted to look as though she had not given the matter a moment's thought, and that would take time.” ― Ian McEwan, Atonement
“Breathing in the scent of his hair, I realized I'd needed him my whole life, before we even met. First, his music and the way he taught me through books and recordings. Then, he saved my life and refused to abandon me no matter how much I deserved it.” ― Jodi Meadows, Incarnate
“You came here a fighter, Maddie. Maybe you'd lost a round or two, but you were on your feet. You want to stay in Lucky Harbor? Fight for it. You want a relationship with your sisters? Fight for it." "What about you? What about a relationship with you?" He pulled back to look into her face as if memorizing her features. His voice, when he spoke, was low and gravelly with emotion. "I'm already yours. Always have been. All you have to do is step into the ring.” ― Jill Shalvis, Simply Irresistible
“It’s always funny watching something so beautiful not know how beautiful it really is. It’s sad even.” ― Holly Hood, Twisted Magic
相聚和离别，仿佛一个转身，一圈接着一圈，连成生命的舞蹈，有的人还会回来，有的人知道再见太难。 —— 曾小贤 《爱情公寓》
“You'll do fine." "What, you're psychic now?" "Didn't you know?" he asks seriously. "Must be an aftereffect of the bond.” ― Tera Lynn Childs, Fins Are Forever
“Do you want to fix it?" "I just said I was in love with her. Why wouldn't I want to fix it?" "You want to know how?" "Goddamn it, Del." He drank again. "Yes, since you're so fucking smart. How do I fix it?" "Crawl." Jack blew out a breath. "I can do that".” ― Nora Roberts, Bed of Roses
你送我于看上星，我赠你掌中雪。 —— 桐华 《云中歌》
“Mara,” his arms gave me a squeeze, “baby, you’ve got to live in the now. Not in your head. Not controlled by your fears. You can’t live for what might happen five months in the future. You got issues you gotta face today. You gotta deal with them now. You got two kids who count on you and their lives aren’t gonna go perfect every day because you weigh every decision you make and tread cautiously. Those options are no longer available to you. You’re gonna have to live day to day and make decisions on the fly. And I’m tellin’ you I’m here to help. You need it and they need it. Are you honestly gonna say no?” ― Kristen Ashley, Law Man
“He had taken George, my beloved George, from me. And he had taken my other self: Anne.” ― Philippa Gregory, The Other Boleyn Girl
愿我们在硝烟散尽的世界里重逢 —— 木苏里 《全球高考》
待我长发及腰，桃花依旧妖娆。 去年燕子早还巢，远乡少年可好？ 梦里朝阳浅笑，何愁折柳村桥。 良弓轻马意逍遥，千里云山独啸。 待我长发及腰，青梅已转黄梢，暮烟还卷暑气燎，更是相思难熬。 凉阶看星过桥，又怕银河浪高。 阻断牛女两边焦，一夜泪洒葡萄。 待我长发及腰，红叶几多寂寥。 冷菊无魂香难凋，尘满画堂懒扫 向晚绣帘远眺，小楼对月独箫。 烛残曲黯渐魂消，清泪由它多少。 待我长发及腰，少年娶我可好? 红妆铺陈十里桥，羡煞邻里村媪。 倾酒但敬相邀，挑灯醉看阿娇。 鸳鸯被暖度春宵，此生陪君同老。
白子画，今生所做的一切，我从未后悔过。可是若能重来一次，我再也不要爱上你。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
喝醉，从来就不是酒精的罪过，而是感情的度数太高。 《网言网语》
“You totally love him. He's your widdle snookums.” ― Thea Harrison, Serpent's Kiss
“My favorite color is you.” ― Suzanne Brockmann, Born to Darkness
“Love doesn't always mean rings and veils and walks down the aisle. Sometimes love means broken windows and broken hearts, and not being able to fix either. And sometimes love means telling you, there's no such thing as time in Heaven so don't rush to meet me. Stay a while, and pick, girl, the roses.” ― Jennifer Gooch Hummer, Girl Unmoored
你是我深夜里我遥不可及的梦，我是你耳边吹过不慌不忙的风。
当面对两个选择时，抛硬币总能奏效，因为在你把它抛在空中的那一秒里，你突然知道你希望它是什么。 《爱情公寓3》
“Indelible, adj. That first night, you took your finger and pointed to the top of my head, then traced a line between my eyes, down my nose, over my lips, my chin, my neck, to the center of my chest. It was so surprising. I knew I would never mimic it. That one gesture would be yours forever.” ― David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary
“Ah, sweetie. If the poets couldn’t unriddle them, then you certainly can’t. Be kind, and keep your ears on offer if she wants to talk. But you can’t draw out the strangeness, Edgar. It’s not a poison.” ― Allyse Near, Fairytales for Wilde Girls
“Aku tidak percaya akan cinta pada pandangan pertama. Tapi harus kuakui, aku menyukai apa yang kulihat pada pandangan pertama.” ― Francisca Todi, Mafia Espresso
“Joel’s face swam across my vision and I blinked, goose bumps running up my arms. I shook his memory away, determined to stay focused, although my heart caved at the thought of his last words to us, right here in this very spot: Take care of each other. I’d be damned if I was going to let him down now.” ― Rachael Wade, The Gates
有些人，一旦遇见，便一眼万年；有些心动，一旦开始，便覆水难收；有些情，一旦眷恋，便海枯石烂；有些缘分，一旦交织，便在劫难逃。 —— 微博 《搞笑宠物大本营》
如果我手上没有剑，我就无法保护你；如果我一直握着剑，我就无法抱紧你。 —— 茶渡泰虎 《死神》
“Questa è una storia d'amore. Non immaginavo che l'amore potesse declinarsi in così tanti generi, nè che l'amore potesse indurre le persone a fare le cose più disparate. Non immaginavo che esistessero modi tanto diversi di dirsi addio.” ― Maggie Stiefvater, Linger
“No one messes me around, I don't give second chances and I never waste tears over people who aren't worth it. I save them for the people who are.” ― Phillipa Ashley, Just Say Yes
“A man's weakness is a woman's beauty...a woman's weakness is falling in love.” ― Jemina Akhtar, Veil of Lies
一样是明月， 一样是隔山灯火， 满天的星， 只有人不见， 梦似的挂起 —— 林徽因 《别丢掉》
愿岁月轻率 偏爱了你 愿时光怜悯 释怀了我 嘿好久不见 我的少年
“Strano come certi ridicoli rituali appaiano perfettamente sensati quando si è innamorati.” ― Alexandra Adornetto, Hades
如果你不能接受我最差的一面，那么你也不值得拥有最好的我。
当我没头脑没逻辑地跟你讲一大串废话的时候 其实就是我想你了。
我恨生前未积缘，古佛青灯度流年。 —— 天姥遗珠 《琵琶语·掉线的珠之好》
这么多年来，每次都是她说放手，他说不放，可当那天他真正放手的时候，她却比什么都疼。 —— 辛夷坞 《原来你还在这里》
趁阳光正好，趁微风不噪，趁繁花还未开至荼蘼，趁现在还年轻，还可以走很长很长的路，还能诉说很深很深的思念。
欲笺心事，独语斜阑。 —— 唐婉 《钗头凤·世情薄》
是不是月老和孟婆曾是情人，一个牵了情丝，一个断了红尘。
我希望起身时，你会轻轻帮我弹掉衣服上不容易发现的灰尘。我希望写字时，手边的茶杯里一直是我喜欢的温度。我希望沉默时，你一言不发在身边我们却不会觉得尴尬。我希望买的鞋子是你渴望的颜色。我希望拨通你电话时你恰好想到我。我希望说早安时你刚好起床。我希望写的书是你欣赏的故事。我希望关灯是你正泛起困意。我希望买的水果你永远觉得是甜的。我希望点的每首歌都是你想唱的。 —— 张嘉佳 《从你的全世界路过》
要么功课做在事前，要么小抄带在身边。 —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
专一不是一辈子只喜欢一个人，是喜欢一个人的时候一心一意
庭有枇杷树，吾妻死之年所手植也，今已亭亭如盖矣。 —— 归有光 《项脊轩志》
“Samira’s guards are coming for you. You’re being summoned. Didn’t you hear the horn? Come on, they’ll be here any second looking for you.” I bit my lip to hold back a smile of my own at why we hadn’t heard the horn. “Summoning me …” “Your guess is as good as mine, now come on. Cam, for crying out loud, fix your hair.” She cocked her eyebrow and gave me the I-know-you’ve-been-messing-around look. “And you,” she shot Gavin the same look, “zip up your fly, Don Juan.” She rolled her eyes and turned for the door.” ― Rachael Wade, The Gates
“There is beautiful you are." "No," said Marged, between a sigh and a sob. "Yes," said Owen. "No," said Marged, not so certain. "Behold," Owen said, from Solomon. "thou art fair. Thou hast dove's eyes." "Dove's eyes are small." Marged said. "Yours are so big they are my whole world," said Owen.” ― Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley
用着最普通的收纳，笔袋里都是普通人的东西，穿着最普通的鞋，游戏里拥有着正常数量的皮肤、人物，喝着最普通的水……对，我就是要这样惊艳全场。
当他们之间已成往事，最难堪的便是一切清晰如昨。 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
“I think he could handle being used. It would be good for him. He's having trouble sleeping.” ― Victoria Dahl, Start Me Up
“I don't think two people could have been happier than we have been.” ― Michael Cunningham, The Hours
"少年们啊，无论你们今后度过多少岁月，都请不要介意自己的容貌，不要吸食香烟，若非节日，也别喝酒。长大后，请多加爱惜那性格内向、不爱浓妆的姑娘。" —— 太宰治 《人间失格(其它)》
“Lips to lips, mouth to mouth, Comes the speaker of the shrouds, Suck in the spirit, speak the words, Let secrets of the dead be heard.” ― Yasmine Galenorn, Witchling
“... fantasy is not practice for what is real—fantasy is the opiate of women.” ― Shannon Hale, Austenland
“Certein bodies... become luminous when heated. Their luminosity disappears after some time, but the capacity of becoming luminous afresh through heat is restored to them by the action of a spark, and also by the action of radium.” ― Marie Curie
“Pray as if all things depend on God, and work as if all things depend on you.” ― Christina Dodd, Scent of Darkness
“在吗” “在啊咋了” “我发现了一个外国人和中国人的区别” “什么区别?” “外国人喜欢一人很直接说 love you” “那中国人呢?” “中国人很委婉会小心翼翼的问他在吗” 《网易云热评》
活在这珍贵的人间 泥土高溅 扑打面颊 活在这珍贵的人间 人类和植物一样幸福 爱情和雨水一样幸福 —— 海子 《活在这珍贵的人间》
我以为时间是最好的偏方，原来治好的全都只是皮外伤。 《呓亦》
“You are always looking at people like this.” And then she made a face, one he couldn’t possibly begin to describe. “If I ever look like that,” he said dryly, “precisely like that, to be more precise, I give you leave to shoot me.” ― Julia Quinn, Just Like Heaven
与其在悬崖上展览千年，不如在爱人肩头痛哭一晚。 —— 舒婷 《第的女峰》
“It would ha' been a good deal easier, if ye'd only been a witch.” ― Diana Gabaldon, The Exile: An Outlander Graphic Novel
“Scent is the strongest tie to memory.” ― Maggie Stiefvater, Forever
我要是温柔起来， 像一朵穿裤子的云。
“Aku percaya, tak pernah ada kata salah untuk cinta.” ― Sefryana Khairil, Coming Home
“I've fallen in love with you. I love you even now when you sit before me with the eyes of a wolf. So take pity upon the fool I have become. I forgot it was only a bargain between us.” ― Ronda Thompson, The Untamed One
我懂你像懂自己一样深刻。
“‎"You want more?" she asked a bit breathlessly. "Even after what we did?" His mouth took on a sardonic twist. "I'm afraid quantity usually matters for me . . ." --THE PRINCESS'S ASSASSINS” ― Emma Holly
你是我猜不到的不知所措，我是你想不到的无关痛痒
“His tender tone turned her heart over. She obliged, tilting her head back slightly and looking up at him in the firelit darkness. When he bent his head and his mouth met hers, she gave a little sigh, her lips parting slightly in surprise and expectation. He kissed her with the same sure decisiveness with which he did everything else, his mouth trailing to her cheek and chin and ear, returning again and again to her mouth and lingering there, his breath mingling with her own. She felt adrift in small, sharp bursts of pleasure. Was this how a man was suppose to kiss a woman? Tenderly... firmly... repeatedly? His fingers fanned through her hair till the pins gave way and wayward locks spilled like black ribbon to the small of her back. In answer, her arms circled his neck, bringing him nearer, every kiss sweeter and surer than the one before. Soon they were lost in a haze of sighs and murmurs and caresses.” ― Laura Frantz, The Colonel's Lady
你不知道生活在什么时候就改变了方向，你被失望拖进了深渊，被疾病拉进坟墓，你被挫折践踏的体无完肤，在这之前，在这世界末日天翻地覆之前，让我陪在你的身边。 —— 郭敬明 《小时代》
“You ever had a hickey? I want to give you a hickey." "Karl, we're not fourteen!" "Don't bloody care. I was in love with you when I was fourteen -- your neck owes me a hickey." (Karl & Elena)” ― Dianna Hardy, The Witching Pen
“Because you have only known me for like fourteen seconds and seven of those were us making out and you still know more about me than all of my friends in this stupid place.” ― Maggie Stiefvater, Forever
我愿意：一路坎坷不平却总能听见你喊我。 —— 海桑 《我愿意》
“We’re more than common rock,” he murmured. “We’re pretty nigh indestructible when we’re in our stone forms.” I thought this over. “Then why didn’t they pick you up and throw you into the sea?” He sent me a dark look. “You’re a bloodthirsty lass, aren’t you?” ― Taylor Longford, Valor
“You are my one and only, for all eternity.” ― Vicky Dreiling, How to Marry a Duke
“...Usually i’d sit back and just enjoy the view for what it was because it’s not often you come across something so ridiculously out of place, a girl like you, on the subway, it’s like spotting a unicorn at the zoo. I reasoned how to pull this off, to get you, to say hi, to ask your name, what your voice sounded like, if you had a cute smile because i like cute smiles. In ten minutes I had a thousand thoughts of you and you had no clue...” ― Stephan K. Garcia
星星的光跨越千万光里，才来到我的眼睛，也许我看到它的时候，它早就已经陨落了，而其他的没陨落的星星则代替了它的位置。
“Just one look and then I knew that all I longed for long ago was you” ― Elizabeth Berg, Dream When You're Feeling Blue
“All romantic novels end the same way, but it's the process of getting there that provides all the enjoyment.” ― Candice Hern, A Proper Companion
“Forgive me for being the stupidest man on the planet?” “Careful. You’re talking about the man I love.” ― Sarah Mayberry, Her Secret Fling
“Gradually, we have become each other's weather.” ― Paul Zweig, Eternity's Woods
“Eldest taught me about ancient religions that worshiped the sun. I never understood why- it's just a ball of light and heat. But if the sun of Sol-Earth swirls in colors and lights like that girl's hair, well, I can see why the ancients would worship that.” ― Beth Revis
分了手，断了联系，你...能保证不在想他吗？ 我能忍住，但我怕他忍不住……
“I intend to marry Michael, and squander all his money and run his life, and make sure he never again consorts with wicked women or gambles with licentious men. I promise I will henpeck him until he has no life beyond what I allow him, and when we die, I will lie in his arms through all eternity.” ― Christina Dodd, In Bed with the Duke
“Life is a book. We fill the pages.” ― Victoria Valentine
“You’re staring at my ass.” “Yes, I am.” It’s what he did in the mornings, when she woke up and spent the first hour lying around in bed.” ― Tara Janzen, On the Loose
停留是刹看只了，转好里来即会到涯。 —— 白落梅 《你若安好 格天他是晴会到》
“For thy sweet love remembr'd such wealth brings That then, I scorn to change my state with kings.” ― William Shakespeare
“... you've experienced the single scene out there - it's blood test and background checks and references and 'Please pee in this cup before we can go on a date' screenings, all clinical and stripped bare of any romance.” ― Katie MacAlister, A Girl's Guide to Vampires
“Watching him, his hands buried in his pockets—to keep from circling her neck she supposed—she couldn't help but marvel at the curious mix of Southern courtesy and male arrogance, the natural assumption he shouldered of being lawfully in control. "Engaging in a moral battle isn't always hazardous to one's health, you know." "Doesn't look like it's doing wonders for yours." "Saints be praised, it can actually be rewarding." Looking over his shoulder, he halted in the middle of the room. "Irish." "I beg your pardon?" "You. Irish. The green eyes, the tiny bit of red in your hair. Is Connor your real name?" "Yes, why..." she said, stammering. Bloody hell. "Of course." "Liar." She felt the slow, hot roll of color cross her cheeks. "What could that possibly have to do with anything?" "I don't know, but I have a feeling it means something. It's the first I've heard come out of that sassy mouth of yours that didn't sound like some damned speech." He tapped his head, starting to pace again. "What I wonder is, where are you in there?” ― Tracy Sumner
恨君不似江楼月， 南北东西，南北东西， 只有相随无别离。 恨君却似江楼月， 暂满还亏，暂满还亏， 待得团圆是几时？ —— 吕本中 《采桑子》
“People snare when I tell them that I’m an emotional prostitute. But after my rebuttal, they begin to realize that they are one too. Like me, they have pimped their emotions for the affections of another. Like me, they’ve gone through life tormented by the idea of living a happily ever after, not realizing that the ever after isn’t so happy.” ― Beatrice McClearn, Diaries of an Emotional Prostitute
“Her unusual upbringing had made her worldly enough to understand that every female, no matter her genus and species, had the ability to physically coerce a male into full cooperation. And yes, she knew just the male to coerce.” ― Delilah Marvelle, Prelude to a Scandal
“Where love is great, the littlest doubts are fear; Where little fears grow great, great love grows there.” ― William Shakespeare, Hamlet
“He released her with obvious reluctance and shoved open his door, then came around to open her door. His chivalry brought an even broader smile. "Bet this doesn't last long", she teased. He took her hand. "You keep waiting for me to open it, and I will keep coming around.” ― Colleen Coble, Lonestar Homecoming
好脾气都是磨出来的，坏毛病都是惯出来的，治的了你脾气的是你爱的人，受的了你脾气的是爱你的人。
螃蟹在剥我的壳，笔记本在写我。 漫天的我落在枫叶上雪花上。 而你在想我。 —— 小雨 《武汉大学第二届“三行诗”大赛第41号作品》
帝王:离歌一曲，送卿别，此日远征南，何日凯旋归？ 将军:离歌一曲，与王别，自古横扫北，几人完肤回！ 侠客:离歌一曲，送君别，此日江湖隐，何日雄心归？ 绿林:离歌一曲，与友别，自古武林退，几人显身回！ 贤弟:离歌一曲，送兄别，此日青云步，何日耀祖归？ 长兄:离歌一曲，与弟别，自古官场斗，几人名达回！ 鄙人:离歌一曲，送汝别，此日游子意，何日思乡归？ 鄙人:离歌一曲，与吾别，自古情千殇，几人断念回！
太阳在白天找了一天的月亮 月亮在晚上梦了一晚上的太阳
很多时候，我们想要的只是一个肯定的眼神和一颗理解的心。
暗恋很美好，因为暗恋不会失恋。
“As for the piano, the faster her fingers flew over it, the more he marveled. She struck the keys with aplomb and ran from one end of the keyboard to the other without a stop.” ― Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary
“For a long moment, he held her gaze without speaking, simply letting the impact of words sink in, before adding rapidly, as though he wished to get it over with as quickly as possible, "I won't deny that you're beautiful. No mirror could tell you otherwise. But there are beautiful women for the buying in any brothel in London. Oh yes, and the ballrooms, too, if one has the proper price. It wasn't your appearance that caught me. It was the way you put me down in the gallery at Sibley Court." Vaughn's lips curved in a reminiscent smile. "And the way you tried to bargain with me after." "Successfully bargained," Mary corrected. "That," replied Lord Vaughn, "is exactly what I mean. Has anyone ever told you that you haggle divinely? That the simple beauty of your self-interest is enough to bring a man to his knees?" Mary couldn't in honesty say that anyone had. Vaughn's eyes were as hard and bright as silver coins. "Those are the reasons I want you. I want you for your cunning mind and your hard heart, for your indomitable spirit and your scheming soul, for they're more honest by far than any of the so-called virtues." "The truest poetry is the most feigning?" Mary quoted back his own words to him. "And the most feigning is the most true.” ― Lauren Willig, The Seduction of the Crimson Rose
如果可以，愿来生你不要忘记我，我也不要忘记你那熟悉的温柔。 —— 红红 《狐妖小红娘》
人生如梦，聚散分离， 朝如春花幕凋零，几许相聚， 几许分离，缘来缘去岂随心。 青丝白发转眼间，漠然回首，几许沧桑在心头。
在我失败的时候，在世界的门都对我“砰、砰”关上的时候，你还会把你的手给我吗？我不怕世界，可是怕你，我的理智和自制力一点都没用。
“New hair, new clothes-the classic relationship break-up makeover," Jake said. Delaney stared at him for a beat. In a way, he was right. She was breaking up with Sam. He just didn't know it.” ― Sarah Mayberry, Anything for You
你所谓的玩笑，里面藏着一把刀。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
“He’d spent the night in the boat. Next to the spaghetti queen. William glanced at the hobo girl. She sat across from him, huddled in a clump. Her stench had gotten worse overnight, probably from the dampness. Another night like the last one, and he might snap and dunk her into that river just to clear the air. She saw him looking. Dark eyes regarded him with slight scorn. William leaned forward and pointed at the river. “I don’t know why you rolled in spaghetti sauce,” he said in a confidential voice. “I don’t really care. But that water over there won’t hurt you. Try washing it off.” She stuck her tongue out. “Maybe after you’re clean,” he said. Her eyes widened. She stared at him for a long moment. A little crazy spark lit up in her dark irises. She raised her finger, licked it, and rubbed some dirt off her forehead. Now what? The girl showed him her stained finger and reached toward him slowly, aiming for his face. “No,” William said. “Bad hobo.” The finger kept coming closer.” ― Ilona Andrews, Bayou Moon
我知道我长得丑，被扔石头无所谓，但让你害怕让我觉得很难过。 —— 雨果 《巴黎圣母院》
“After a moment, he found my neck, kissing the nape, his teeth grazing my skin and causing me to make a small noise very much like a whimper. Before I could take another breath, his lips met mine and I was lost to his touch.” ― Cyrese Covelli, Wolfsmage [Witchlock Book 3]
若不是情到深处难自禁，又怎会柔肠百转冷如霜 —— 萧鼎 《诛仙》
沙漠阿拉伯人形容他们也必喝三道的茶：第一道苦若生命，第二道甜似爱情，第三道淡如微风。 —— 三毛 《送你一匹马》
“It's a good thing you're an aging orphan," he murmured, gently pushing the hair away from her face. "I don't have to wait around to get anyone's permission." "Permission for what, you rat bastard?" she said. "Such language, dragon. I'm afraid you're going to have to marry me.” ― Anne Stuart, The Devil's Waltz
“I don't know who had the training of you," he continued doggedly, "but your morals are shocking. You spent a night in my bed, remember, after a night in a bawdy house. You go about collecting street urchins and letting inebriated vagabonds kiss you, and then you get into brawls in pawnshops. You are probably past all redemption, but I'm going to reform you anyhow. If you behave yourself, perhaps I'll let you reform me on occasion, but I make no promises.” ― Loretta Chase, Viscount Vagabond
“I like to be somewhere at least where you can see a few girls around once in a while, even if they're only scratching their arms or blowing their noses or even just giggling or something.” ― J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye
红豆生南国，春来发几枝。愿君多采撷，此物最相思。 —— 王维 《相思》
“Your body wages biological warfare on me.” ― Helen Hoang, The Kiss Quotient
可能的话， 最好在明亮些的地方见， 季节但愿是夏天。 —— 村上春树 《寻羊冒险记》
人生若只如初见，何事秋风悲画扇。 等闲变却故人心，却道故人心易变。 骊山语罢清宵半，泪雨霖铃终不怨。 何如薄幸锦衣郎，比翼连枝当日愿。 —— 纳兰性德 《木兰词・拟古决绝词柬友》
“Once she called to invite me to a concert of Liszt piano concertos. The soloist was a famous South American pianist. I cleared my schedule and went with her to the concert hall at Ueno Park. The performance was brilliant. The soloist's technique was outstanding, the music both delicate and deep, and the pianist's heated emotions were there for all to feel. Still, even with my eyes closed, the music didn't sweep me away. A thin curtain stood between myself and pianist, and no matter how much I might try, I couldn't get to the other side. When I told Shimamoto this after the concert, she agreed. "But what was wrong with the performance?" she asked. "I thought it was wonderful." "Don't you remember?" I said. "The record we used to listen to, at the end of the second movement there was this tiny scratch you could hear. Putchi! Putchi! Somehow, without that scratch, I can't get into the music!" Shimamoto laughed. "I wouldn't exactly call that art appreciation." "This has nothing to do with art. Let a bald vulture eat that up, for all I care. I don't care what anybody says; I like that scratch!" "Maybe you're right," she admitted. "But what's this about a bald vulture? Regular vultures I know about--they eat corpses. But bald vultures?" In the train on the way home, I explained the difference in great detail.The difference in where they are born, their call, their mating periods. "The bald vulture lives by devouring art. The regular vulture lives by devouring the corpses of unknown people. They're completely different." "You're a strange one!" She laughed. And there in the train seat, ever so slightly, she moved her shoulder to touch mine. The one and only time in the past two months our bodies touched.” ― Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun
别的小姑娘有的，我们只只也得有。 《偷偷藏不住》
“My God." He pushed away from the bedpost. "Friends! And do you fall into bed with any man who's 'dear' to you? How am I to take that?" "Of course I don't." She stood up, letting the knotted scarf slip away. "I can't seem to help myself. With you. About that. It's extremely vexing." "You're quite right on that count," he said sullenly. "I'm damned vexed. I'd like to vex you right here on the floor, in fact. And the idea of Sturgeon vexing you is enough to dispose me to murder. Is that clear? Do you comprehend me?" He took a reckless stride toward her and caught her chin between his fingers. "I'm not your friend, my lady. I'm your lover.” ― Laura Kinsale, Lessons in French
“I beg your pardon for questioning your judgement," she said. "It is nothing to me, after all, if it proves faulty. I am not the one responsible for the Marquess of Atherton's heir and sole offspring. I am not the one who will be toppled from my pedestal if the world learns I have not only permitted but encouraged my nephew to associate with the most shocking persons. I am not the one who-" "I wish you were the one who had heard of the rule Silence is Golden," he said.” ― Loretta Chase, Lord Perfect
“I hate to tell you, dragon, but that's an integral part of the whole usiness," he whispered. "If you're afraid to touch me then we're not going to get very far." She lifted her head to look at him. "I thought I could lie back and let you ravish me," she said with complete honesty. He shook his head, the smile hovering around his lips, his eyes intent. "This is a cooperative effort, my love. You have to do your part.” ― Anne Stuart, The Devil's Waltz
“To her surprise, Lucky tilted his head and looked her in the eye, appearing oddly…crestfallen, she thought. “Don’t be nervous,” he said. “I hate making you nervous.” ― Toni Blake, Whisper Falls
我从来都无法得知，人们是究竟为什么会爱上另一个人，我猜也许我们的心上都有一个缺口，它是个空洞，呼呼的往灵魂里灌着刺骨的寒风，所以我们急切的需要一个正好形状的心来填上它，就算你是太阳一样完美的正圆形，可是我心里的缺口，或许却恰恰是个歪歪扭扭的锯齿形，所以你填不了。 —— 毛姆 《面纱》
“Of course not! I knew you would protect me. You swore that you were strong enough to protect Vivienne, didn’t you? How can you promise to protect my sister, but not trust yourself to keep me safe?” The music swelled to a crescendo. Although Adrian kept her imprisoned against the muscular length of his body, he gave up all pretense of dancing. “Because I don’t lose my wits every time Vivienne walks into a room. I don’t toss and turn in my bed every night dreaming of making love to her. She doesn’t drive me to distraction with her endless questions, her incessant snooping, her harebrained schemes.” His voice rose. “I can trust myself to protect your sister because I’m not in love with her!” ― Teresa Medeiros, After Midnight
“Ah, adventure! Ah, romance! Ah, courtly graces and the noble gestures! Don't you wish you knew people like that? Don't you wish we could still walk around in cloaks and boots and breeches, with leather doublets and flowing white dueling shirts and swords strapped around our waists? Of course, if we did, given the way things are today, there'd be people out there lobbying for sword control, and we'd need a National Sword Association and bumper stickers that would read "Swords don't kill people, knights kill people," and there would be a five-day waiting period and background check before you could buy a rapier. We'd have drive-by lungings and people would be afraid of children carrying broadswords to school. "Milady" would be regard as a sexist term and feminists would go absolutely berserk if any woman called a man "Milord." Ralph Nader would probably get quarter horses banned because they are too small and unsafe in a collision and someone would figure out a way to put seat belts and air bags on our saddles. That's why people join the SCA and read fantasy novels, because the real world sucks.” ― Simon Hawke, The Ambivalent Magician
“It's true I live on hope. Why shouldn't I? Every day I see her beauty while you rot in hell. You will tell me that I'm deluded but we are all deluded in some way. The question is which is the best delusion.” ― Danny Scheinmann, Random Acts Of Heroic Love
也许爱不是热情，也不是怀念，不过是而下大将，年深大将久成了生说就时人后着的一部分。 —— 张爱玲 《半生缘》
“Excuse me, your attention please.” He waited until the whole floor had stopped what it was doing and turned to face him. For a split second his impulse control kicked in, but by then his mouth was fully engaged. “For the record, Claire Marsden and I are not having sex.” ― Sarah Mayberry, Can't Get Enough
“I know every guy here, and they’re all pretty much jerks.” ― Nicki Elson, Three Daves
“Speechless and very nearly panting, she fell back against the wall with a thump, knowing that if she lived to be ninety, she would still carry the searing mark of that kiss on her soul. "At last," he murmured. "A way to shut you up." Christovao Santos (Chris), Sanctuary” ― Sharon K. Garner
透过你的眼，我看到了整个世界。却也真的明白了，你的世界中，没有我的色彩。
第岁一来缘浅，奈要个情深，既声要你琴瑟起，要个以笙箫默 —— 顾漫 《要个以笙箫默》
假装没看见,却用余光看了千万遍.
我走过无数的桥，看过无数的云，喝过无数种类的酒，却只爱过一个正当最好年纪的人，我应当为自己感到庆幸。
究竟爱一个人，可以到什么程度？ 究竟什么样的邂逅，可以舍命不悔？ 逻辑的尽头不是理性和秩序的理想国，而是我用生命奉献的爱情！ —— 东野圭吾 《嫌疑人X的献身》
伫倚危楼风细细，望极春愁，黯黯生天际。草色烟光残照里，无言谁会凭栏意。 拟把疏狂图一醉，对酒当歌，强乐还无味。衣带渐宽终不悔，为伊消得人憔悴。 —— 柳永 《蝶恋花・伫倚危楼风细细》
满如之凡未得到，满如之凡是过去，到下向说是最登对。 —— 林夕 《似是故人来》
I think love is a touch and yet not a touch. 爱是想要触碰又收回手。 —— 塞林格 《破碎故事之心》
“Sadly, however, the sight of her generous D cups no longer sparked an ounce of interest from Little Sam, the man in charge of social activities.” ― Sarah Mayberry, Anything for You
羽墨曾说过：“解释就是掩饰，掩饰就是事实，事实就是罪恶的开始。”所以一菲剽悍的人生不需要解释。 《爱情公寓》
“Lady Ponsonby was right. The forbidden fruit isn't shaped like an apple. It's shaped like a banana.” ― Michelle Marcos, Wickedly Ever After
“Don’t freak out, I’m getting into the bed,” he said.” ― Sarah Mayberry, Her Secret Fling
“I love you Mark..." Courtney, PoR. I love you too Courtney..." Mark, PoR.” ― D.J. MacHale
“His lordship and I are...opposite sides of very different coins.” ― Emma Jensen, The Irish Rogue
“Kas was right: a woman could destroy a man. This one could do so, simply by knowing his name. She could do so, simply with her eyes.” ― V.S. Carnes, Sand for Dreams
月如钩，照春屏。玉漏催，酒半醒。独夜孤，有所思。种情深，转成痴。天涯同，相见难。咫尺近，别亦难。此情深，俩地牵。 《秦时明月》
“I have romanticised you to the point where the knives you pressed into my skin began to look like cupids arrows.” ― E.J. Wood, Beyond the Pale
当燕子在来年衔着绿色匆忙地回归， 你是否依然像十七岁那年的夏天一样在香樟下低头， 然后遇见我， 在那个冗长的， 迷幻的， 永不结束的夏天。 —— 郭敬明 《夏至未至》
“His hope wasn't lost, it was buried, and somehow Prudence Ryland made that old grave seem much more shallow than it once was.” ― Kathryn Smith
“From midnight to 4: 00 AM is the loneliest time in the world. Because for those of us too sad to sleep, the only thing we have to look at is an empty bed, and the only thing we have to think of is every single person who didn't want to fill it tonight.” ― Lone Alaskan Gypsy
女：“喂！我结婚那天你会来吗？” 男（沉默）：“我不来你结什么婚！”
“Lips that have tasted the salt of tears always give the sweetest kiss.” ― C.J. Carlyon, The Cherry House
“If you do not love me I shall not be loved. If I do not love you I shall not love.” ― Samuel Beckett
“Then I stay beside you for as long as we have." He kept stroking my hair. Cats like to be petted. Cait Sidhe like to pet. "October, I meant it when I told you I was not leaving you. I will never leave you while both of us are living. You were not quite this human when I met you, and you were far less human when I finally allowed myself to love you. But the essential core of your being has remained the same no matter what the balance of your blood." "How is it that you always know the exact right stupid romance novel thing to say?" I asked, leaning up to kiss him. He smiled against my lips. When I pulled back, he said. "I was a student of Shakespeare before the romance novel was even dreamt. Be glad I do not leave you horrible poetry on your pillow, wrapped securely around the bodies of dead rats.” ― Seanan McGuire, Chimes at Midnight
“They filled our world with weapons aimed at foreheads and smiled as they shot 16 candles right through our future. They killed those strong enough to fight back and locked up the freaks who failed to live up to their utopian expectations.” ― Tahereh Mafi, Shatter Me
当你想念一个人的时候，尽情去想念吧，也许有一天，你再也不会如此想念他了。到了那一天，你会想念曾经那么想念一个人的滋味。当你爱一个人的时候，尽情去爱吧，也让他知道你是如此爱他。也许有一天，当你长大了，受过太多的伤，失望太多，思虑也多了，你再也不会那么炽烈地爱一个人。
女人很可笑吧？总是宁肯把一切都押上，只为了证明你是爱她的。更可悲是花千骨，明明知道结果，还是心甘情愿被你再伤一次，只是想看看她在你心里到底有多重要。其实，你哪里又会对她有一丝慈悲和怜悯呢？你心疼你内疚，可是这些年，你只坚持你认为正确的，从来没有设身处地为她考虑过。如今，你就永生永世看着，守护着这个你用最爱的人的性命换来的世界吧。”――竹染。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
“My hope, my heaven, my trust must be, My gentle guide, in following thee.” ― Walter Scott, The Lady of the Lake
最爱的，是要放在天边一辈子惦念的. —— 夏七夕 《后来我们都哭了》
记住，你是一个女孩，高傲是你的象征，自信是你的资本，微笑是你的标志，你要奋斗的，不是在一个男人面前委屈求全，而是让他看到你的努力，并且等待数年后那个单膝跪地，给你无名指戴上戒指的男人.
“I’ve never heard a girl say a diamond was too big.” “I just think when they get too big they look fake.” He leans down. “I say the same thing about breasts.” ― Allie Everhart, Loving You
“I didn't want to be the woman who gave herself over willingly to the first man to notice her. I didn't want to be the stupid girl in every novel who loved without question and entered relationships that didn't make sense.” ― Destinee Hardwick, Wishing on Raining Stars
最单纯的喜欢就是，就算你拒绝了我，我对你也永远没有埋怨。但我不会再靠近了。如果你有求于我，我依然会鞠躬尽瘁。从今往后我会把喜欢藏起来，不再招摇过市了，我会努力过得好，希望你也是。
“Ivanov: And this whole romance of ours is commonplace and trite: he lost heart, and he lost his way. She came along, strong and brave in spirit, and gave him an helping hand. That's all very well and plausible in novels, but in life... Sasha: In life it's the same. Ivanov: I see you have a fine understanding of life!” ― Anton Chekhov, Ivanov
“Marriage is not kick-boxing, it's salsa dancing.” ― Amit Kalantri
“Love is total surrender, total acceptance and total commitment.” ― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind
鸣神の 少しとよみて さし昙り 雨も降らんか 君を留めん 鸣神の 少しとよみて 降らずとも 我は止まらん 妹し留めば 殷其雷，天霾霾；雨零耶，君将留？ 殷其雷，纵不零；卿若留，吾将从！ —— 新海诚 《言叶之庭》
“Love and be loved. Settle for no less. Ask for no more.” ― Truth Devour, Wantin
“En ocasiones, la vida pone en nuestro camino a personas que, por un motivo u otro, no necesitan más que unas pocas horas para ganarse un lugar en nuestro corazón. A veces, basta una mirada cómplice, una caricia en el dorso de la mano o un beso robado para conectar con alguien. Y de repente, y aunque suene a tópico, es como si os conocierais desde siempre.” ― Victoria Vilchez, ¿Y si de verdad te quiero?
“How do you know?” “Well, I don’t, I’m making this up, but I bet I’m right.” ― Robyn Carr
“He has the body of a professional athlete, chiseled to perfection in all the right places.” ― Collette West, Night Games
“The others could believe that she was that way because she lost her parents so early, but Peter knew better. She was strong, confident, and never broken.” ― Alexandra Engellmann, Sky Ghosts: All for One
“He had a semicircle tattoo with an indecent word on the back of his head, suggesting all people around him to leave him alone – in a much more impolite manner.” ― Alexandra Engellmann, Sky Ghosts: All for One
“I figure we go through things that make us stronger, but we also go through things that just simply piss us off.” ― Meg Winkler, Transmissions From Dating Land
“Wow,” she said. “Do you realise how wonderful you sound?” “Yes, I do,” he said with a firm nod. “And I think I’m underappreciated.” ― Robyn Carr, My Kind of Christmas
爱，从来就是一件千回百转的事。不曾被离弃，不曾受伤害，怎懂得爱人？爱，原来是一种经历。 —— 张小娴 《拥抱》
“Mark ran his fingers over the bindings and whispered words, written long ago, words that wriggled through the aged leather, trembled beneath his touch. What lives and loves, hopes and dreams, deaths and despair these volumes held.” ― Ellen Read, Love The Gift
你以为和你好聚好散的男人是有风度？那些都是假的！我告诉你，总有一天你会知道，愿意留下来浪费时间陪你较真，愿意浪费表情和你吵架的傻瓜才是真的爱你！ —— 辛夷坞 《浮世浮城》
“I’m the forest fire, and you’re standing there with a glass of water saying you can put me out. But you can’t!” He arched his brows. “Considering that I’ve spent the better part of the last fourteen hours proving that I can, in fact, light your fire and put it out over and over again, I’m vaguely insulted by that remark.” ― C.L. Wilson, The Sea King
“Love me less,but love me for a long time.” ― David Levithan , The Lover's Dictionary
第一世，我乃琴师，你乃听者;你说我扶琴一曲醉人心，愿我为伯牙，你为子期;终日听我绕梁音; 后来你悄行西去，只独留我一人弦断音垮从此余生不嫁。 等二世，我乃戏子，你乃将军;你说我妙曼舞姿倾城颜，愿我为虞姬，你为项羽;水火乱世护我全; 后来你兵败被杀，我闻后一夜白发次日自刎血染了江花。 第三世，我乃白衣，你乃朱袍;你说我学富五车胜须眉，愿我为清照，你为明诚，青梅煮酒搏弈坐; 后来你染病先离，余我一人静看这流水脉脉叹花开花落。 三生誓言为谁许 许后可曾遵此诺 诺行若终是无果 来生何必拒孟婆
清华到德云社只需要八分钟， 北大到德云社只需要两块钱， 北京师范转角就是德云社， 姐妹，角儿在等着您呢
“I make a show of smoothing down my hair – a lost cause at this point. “Ah, that. It’s getting to the stage where it deserved a name. The Knotted Nest? The Twisted Tresses?” “What about the Terrible Tangle?” I nod. “That has serious possibilities.” “The Matted Mess?” he suggests.” ― Amanda Bouchet, Breath of Fire
你肯定是远视，要不然怎么只会看到离你那么远的她，而不是离你那么近的我。
“Fearful that they would be caught, the young lovers cast themselves into the sea with their stone, saying these words, "May we ever be united in love and hidden as long as this stone hides in deep waters.” ― Rebecca Boucher, Novel Hearts
“-আজকের বিকেলটা বড় সুন্দর, তাই না? -কালও এমনটি ছিলো। -চিরকাল যদি এমন থাকে? -তাহলে বড় একঘেয়ে লাগবে।” ― Zahir Raihan, শেষ বিকেলের মেয়ে
如果有一天 我对你说:我想你了 那不是我那个时候想你了 而是我那个时候我想你想得忍不住了。
人说，林深时见鹿，海蓝时见鲸，梦醒时见你。 可实际，林深时雾起，海蓝时浪涌，梦醒时也许未见鹿，未见鲸，亦未见你。 但是，鹿踏雾而来，鲸随浪儿起，你没回头，又怎知我没来过。
有的时候，一旦错过打为是一生。 实能次遇见，可有来生？ —— 籽后第 《夏有乔木雅望是这堂》
“When we had surmounted the acclivity, I was about to withdraw my arm from his, but by a slight tightening of the elbow was tacitly informed that such was not his will, and accordingly desisted.” ― Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey
我想我能够明白，为什么时间过去了你过不去 —— 独木舟 《我亦飘零久》
绝情殿里她的笑，她的努力，他都看在眼里。她为他做菜，为他抚琴，为他束发，喂血给他喝，为他盗神器解剧毒，为他受刑被逐也一声不吭。她为他尝尽了苦楚，受尽了折磨。最后的最后，她说，断念已残，宫铃已毁，从今往后，师徒恩断义绝…… —— fresh 果果 《花千骨》
喜欢不一定非要谈恋爱 现在互相拥有还太过幼稚 等自己真正能撑起一片天的时候 能对喜欢的人负责 而不是在空间里留言 在签名上暧昧 天天聊的没完 再相爱的两个人也都有自己的事情 没有必要每时每刻都在一起 不是等一分手就删留言删照片 改个签名跟世界末日似的然后再看着过去的聊天记录哭的稀里哗啦 爱一个人是不会让她掉眼泪的 总有一天 你会不需要轰轰烈烈的爱情 你想要的只是一个不会离开你的人 冷的时候他会给你一件外套 胃里难受的时候他会给你一杯热水 难过的时候他会给你一个拥抱 就这么一直陪在你身边 陪你走过每一段路 不是整天多爱多爱 而是认真的一句 不离开所以 等到成熟的年纪 若能最后在一起 晚点没关系
16岁，惊鸿一瞥，记忆犹新； 17岁，人线木偶，笑容牵制； 18岁，望尘莫及，无法忘怀； 19岁，各奔东西，梦里相见； 22岁，久别重逢，喜极而泣； 23岁，后知后觉，已有红颜。
该来的都会来 ， 该走的全会走 ， 别抗拒 ， 别挽留 ， 别贪恋 ， 别不舍 ， 别担心 。
“—Vamos, B. Te llevo a casa. —¿Y los demás? ¿Lucía se ha ido sin mí? —¿Tienes miedo de volver a montar conmigo? —se burló él, y me dio la sensación de que había escogido las palabras de forma deliberada—. En moto, quiero decir. «No muerdas el anzuelo», me dije, consciente de que me estaba desafiando. —Creo que cogeré un taxi. Enarcó las cejas, divertido por mi indecisión, y se cruzó de brazos a la vez que esbozaba una sonrisa de suficiencia. —Prometo no ir demasiado deprisa para ti —aseguró, y de nuevo no supe dilucidar si solo hablaba de la velocidad suicida a la que conducía o estaba adquiriendo otro tipo de compromiso.” ― Victoria Vilchez, Antes de que decidas dejarme
去看你想看的人吧， 趁阳光正好，趁微风不噪，趁你还年轻，趁他还未老。
“Hay amores que duran toda una vida y otros que apenas llegan a unos pocos meses, pero ambos pueden ser verdaderos. La realidad es que sentimos lo que sentimos, independientemente del tiempo que hace que conocemos a esa persona -prosigue, y creo que me he perdido-. Existe gente que se quiere hasta el día de su muerte y, sin embargo, no pasa toda la vida junta.” ― Victoria Vilchez, No me quieres, no te quiero
愿你所有快乐，无需假装 愿你此生尽兴，赤诚善良 祝你岁月无波澜，敬我余生不悲欢。
不知谁说的，幸福要走那么多路，用那么漫长的时间，做出那么多努力，毁坏它却只要迈出一步，一瞬之间，不费吹灰。 —— 唐七公子 《华胥引》
我们总是在错误的时间，错误的地点，懵懵然就爱上那个人。然后，不得不用尽一生，遗忘。
月亮照耀青窗， 窗里窗外皆有青色的光。 不管远方如何声讨你是背信的人， 月光下总有一扇青窗， 坚持说你是唯一被等待的人。 —— 简媜 《下午茶》
“All my life I have lived within the very hours of the hands of love.” ― Valentinno
问世间情为何物， 不过海市蜃楼罢了; 问世间恨为何物， 不过爱到尽头罢了; 问世间累为何物， 不过心灰意冷罢了; 问世间泪为何物， 不过真心破碎罢了; 问世间你为何物， 不过是我人生的路人罢了。
“知道月亮为什么是两头尖尖中间弧形吗？” “锋芒对外，温柔对你”
萝莉有三好：清音、柔体、易推倒； 御姐有三好：啤酒、洗澡、吃嫩草； 女王有三妙：木马、蜡烛、皮鞭操； 人妻有三情：爱情、亲情、婚外情； 御妹有三巧：乖巧、灵巧、推的巧； 老师有三事：教室、房事、坐莲式。
“¿Sabes? Solo tienes una vida, y es demasiado corta para que esperes a ser feliz mañana, porque mañana puede que tampoco lo seas, ni pasado mañana... Y pasarás los días anhelando convertirte en otra persona, porque ya ni siquiera recordarás quién eres.” ― Victoria Vilchez, ¿Y si de verdad te quiero?
一身诗意千寻瀑，万古人间四月天。 —— 金岳霖 《林徽因挽联》
月出光在天，月亮光在地。 何当同心人，两两不相弃。 —— 纳兰容若 《高楼望月》
“You keep showing up here? Being who you are?' There was a pause. 'I'm going to fall in love with you.' -Rehvenge” ― J.R. Ward, Lover Avenged
“I want these gentle hands... and this kind smile... although I should not want such a thing.” ― Matsuri Hino, Vampire Knight
“…..she needed him to know she did not care. She was spirited, tenacious, and full of contempt for him.” ― Jamie Weise
“The world is dyed with the color of blood. It will never be able to go back to the way it was before.” ― Matsuri Hino, Vampire Knight
和男朋友吵架，先别急着去追究吵架的原因，而是要弄明白他怎么突然胆子就肥了起来。
有些感情纠缠久了，到后来你已经分不清楚，到底你是要爱，还是要赢。
“So please, just let me be egocentric and ask you to stay.” ― Ika Natassa, A Very Yuppy Wedding
“A hint of sensual frustration roughened his voice. “And I will curse the gods along with them, Min. Some wild monsoon raged through me as I looked at you just now. It’s left me rearranged inside, and I don’t have a map.” ― Tessa Dare, A Week to Be Wicked
“There are certain kinds of silence that make you walk on air.” ― Cecelia Ahern
“I’ve shared more breakfasts with you than any woman I’ve dated in the last year and a half,” Mitch returned. “I know what you look like in the morning. I know what you act like when you come home tired after work. I know that you pick the least expensive thing on the menu either to be nice or to be annoying in order to put me off. But I think it’s to be nice because you are nice and also both times you thought you’d be spending time with just me, you dressed in a way that would not, in any way, put me off. I know you cuddle when you’re sleeping. I know you take only milk in your coffee and you make coffee strong. I know you’re really good with kids. And I know that you use music and scents to regulate your mood. So I’m thinking this is not a first date. This is more like us hittin’ the six month mark. And the six month mark is when you stop talkin’ about shit that really doesn’t matter and start talkin’ about shit that means everything.” ― Kristen Ashley
“I'll never love you anymore than I do, right this second. And I'll never love you any less than Ido, right this second.” ― Kami Garcia and Margaret Stohl
“愿你迷路一生，还是走到我身边” “我爱的人，不是我爱人” “没有公道，只有你错她对” “你从来都不是一个人，你还有我” —— 叶非夜 《亿万星辰不及你》
跟着你，在哪里，做什么，都好。 —— 饶雪漫 《左耳》
“You cannot mistake this You cannot reinvent this moment You cannot call this love It is so much more” ― Jamie Weise
离开一个地方，风景就不再属于你；错过一个人，那人便再与你无关。
不是除了你没人要，只是除了你谁都不想要而已 《最撩人的情话是什么？》
月光下的树影斑驳了多久时间， 白裙子的女孩路过了多少次这街， 夕阳下我多少次回望着你的眼， 你有过多少遗憾总是苍茫了爱恋。 忘川河畔盛开了多少朵红莲， 轮回中我们擦肩了多少个百年， 前世的你吟唱了多少梦萦魂牵， 如今的我多少次梦回少年蹁跹。 一百年一千年之后匆匆过去多少年， 漫漫岁月中我们许过多少诺言， 多年之后我们是否还会无悔相伴， 只为你的一笑误我浮生的匆匆那年。 —— 九夜茴 《匆匆那年》
“Now she had to pretend not to love the man she was pretending to love while pretending she wasn't sleeping with him.” ― Shannon Stacey, Yours to Keep
万物有界，爱恨无由。 其实爱，很简单,不期待,就不会被伤害。 —— 夏天岛 《狐妖小红娘》
人生自古谁无死，早死晚死都得死。 —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
老来多健忘，唯不忘相思。 —— 白居易 《偶作寄朗之》
“I've loved him for a decade. And I had him for one day before I made a complete and utter mess of things. Or he did. I'm still not sure about that.” ― Sarah MacLean, Nine Rules to Break When Romancing a Rake
在有生的瞬间能遇见你，竟花光所有运气，到这日才发现，曾呼吸过空气 —— 林夕 《明年今日》
所谓教材：就是把一个简单易懂的名词，扩写成一堆谁也看不懂的句子。 —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
我遇到猫在潜水，却没遇到你； 我遇到狗在攀岩，却没遇到你； 我遇到夏天飘雪，却没遇到你； 我遇到冬天刮台风，却没遇到你； 我遇到猪都学会结网了，却没遇到你…… 我遇到所有的不平凡， 却一直遇不到平凡的你。 —— 几米 《听几米唱歌》
非让现实给你一巴掌, 你才知道社会有多虚伪, 非让所谓的朋友把你败坏的什么都不是,你才知道人心可畏,,
“I laughed as we turned in a tight circle... "Tonight you're all mine." Jake smiled but looked me dead in the eye. "No. From now on." My heart skipped. "What?" "Yours," he said simply, "from now on.” ― Kieran Scott, She's So Dead to Us
“I think I fell in love with you that amazing night on the kitchen floor. Or maybe it was the evening you stepped up and set my arm." Testing things, he reached for her hand, and, to his joy, she glared, but she let him take it. "Or maybe the night I knew I loved you was when I kissed you under the mistletoe on Christmas Eve. It's hard to say because I look at you now and it seems to me there's never been a time when I didn't love you.” ― Maggie Osborne, Silver Lining
“Love wasn't a happening one decided on---to indulge or not, to partake or not. To feel or not. When it came, when it struck, the only decision left to make was how to respond---whether you embraced it, took it in, and made it a part of you, or whether you turned your back and let it die.” ― Stephanie Laurens, The Truth About Love
“Forever this time," he said as Sawyer strode toward them. Tara sighed blissfully. "You know what this means, right?" "I'm done guessing," he said. "Tell me." "It means you're mine," she said. "And I'm yours. No more walking away. We are going to get it right this time." His smile was slow and easy, and just for her. "Well, finally.” ― Jill Shalvis, The Sweetest Thing
初恋之所以美好，是因为我们再也回不去那个年轻纯洁的时光了。 《请回答1997》
“Raven scowled through his too-long bangs. “The Angel Song doesn’t hurt humans. It only affects the evil within.” “Then you should be writhing on the ground with the hounds,” Mace mumbled.” ― Heather Burch, Halflings
山有木兮卿有意 岁岁与君不相离
我，是一朵盛开的夏莲， 多希望，你能看见现在的我。 风霜还不曾来侵蚀， 秋雨还未滴落。 青涩的季节又已离我远去， 我已亭亭，不忧，亦不惧。 现在，正是， 最美丽的时刻， 重门却已深锁， 在芬芳的笑靥之后， 谁人知道我莲的心事。 无缘的你啊， 不是来得太早，就是， 太迟…… —— 席慕蓉 《莲的心事》
悲しみの数を 言い尽くすより，同じくたびるで そっとうたおう（总有数不尽说不完的悲伤，不如嘴巴张开将一曲轻轻哼唱。） —— 木村弓 《いつも何度でも》
这次我离开你，是风，是雨，是夜晚； 你笑了笑，我摆一摆手，一条寂寞的路便展向两头了。 —— 郑愁予 《赋别》
“No, I don’t think you’re gonna be single forever, and also I don’t understand your obsession with romantic love. There are other ways to have fulfilling relationships that can sustain you and make your life great and fun other than having a sexualized relationship. It’s not the only kind of fulfilling human interaction. So, even if you are single forever, that doesn’t mean that you’ve had some kind of failed life.” ― John Green
“What happened to romance? sappy soppy longhand love letters.” ― Alex Flinn
“I got a head start and ws already hanging upside down when he caught up. All the blood was rushing to my head, making me feel dizzy. "I can't stay like this much longer," I told him."Head rush." He leaned down and stuck his face next to mine, gifting me with a beautiful smile."I know the feeling," he said. "You give me a head rush all the time.” ― Jessica Verday, The Haunted
总要有些随风 有些入梦 有些长留在心中 于是有时疯狂 有时迷惘 有时唱 —— 高晓松 《立秋》
年少时，我们因谁因爱或是只因寂寞而同场起舞； 沧桑后，我们何因何故寂寞如初却宁愿形同陌路。 —— 席慕蓉 《无怨的青春》
相思相见知何日？此时此夜难为情！ —— 李白 《三五七言 / 秋风词》
记忆的梗上，谁没有，两三朵娉婷，披着情绪的花，无名的展开。
“When I am lonely for boys what I miss is their bodies. The smell of their skin, its saltiness. The rough whisper of stubble against my cheek. The strong firm hands, the way they rest on the curve of my back.” ― A.M. Harte, Hungry For You
我若在你心上，情敌三千又何妨。你若在我身旁，负了天下又怎样。
衣带渐宽终不悔，为伊消得人憔悴。 —— 柳永 《蝶恋花》
“You said I told you I was in love with someone else, but I’m not. That’s not what I meant. Cassandra was a part of my past, but our time together ended. The only person I want, the only person I love, is you.” ― Angela Corbett, Eternal Starling
“You will be the one chosen to reach out to embrace man once again as the heart. So that all will be as it should. ‘Fatu-ma-le-ele-ele’ You will give your fire so that Man may live. And he will give his heart so that earth may live. Thus it has been spoken.” ― Lani Wendt Young, When Water Burns
“Gavin, I never thought you’d be the irrational one in this relationship, but I’m happy to report that you’ve just thoroughly shocked me.” He rolled to his side to lean on his arm, keeping my hand resting on his chest, buried underneath his shirt. “I know. My timing is impeccable.” He smirked, letting his hungry gaze drift over my body. “But I’m sorry, love. I cannot take seeing you all tucked up in this sexy corset anymore. The ties are so tight, they’re just begging me to undo them.” His fingers trailed over the top of my chest and down over the corset’s binding, tugging at the edges of the lace as he went. “Forcefully,” he winked.” ― Rachael Wade, The Gates
“ 你希望和你爱的人相交还是平行？” “相交就在一起然后再渐行渐远，” “平行就一辈子做朋友爱而不得。” “有一种特殊的平行，叫重合”
原谅我孤陋寡闻，不知你心中有人
尼采说：“一个人知道自己为了什么而活,他就能够忍受任何一种生活。” 李宫俊说：“一个人知道自己为什么而吃，就可以忍受任何一种肥胖。” —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
个界时年生死成下茫茫，不思量，自难忘。 —— 苏轼 《朱城子·乙卯正风个界二个界时日夜走我梦》
有时候，选择与某人保持距离，不是因为不在乎，而是因为清楚的知道，他不属于你。爱，就是心疼。你可以喜欢很多人，但心疼的只有一个。不要等我流泪，你才明白我的悲伤。不要等我消失，你才知道我的存在。等与不等，我都等了。在与不在乎，我都已经在乎了。
“All literature, or most literature, is about sex." (A. Burgess)” ― Blanche Bachelar, The Sins of the Fathers
“Jika mawar itu berduri, tusuklah hingga merah darahku, agar aku terbangun pada kenyataan tanpa dirimu.” ― Fenny Wong, Lapis Lazuli
“All the friends in the world are in the fountain of a pen.” ― Michelle Franklin
过去和开心是假的，回忆是一后往心过了有归途的而去，以在以的一切春好起和开心出着样法复原，即使最狂热最坚贞的爱情，归根结底也不过是一种瞬息即逝的现没的，唯有孤独永恒。 —— 汪都叫岁克你里 《百年孤独》
阅尽时个成物涯离着如苦,不道归来,零落花如许。 花底相看发笑之一语,绿窗春与时个成物俱莫。 待把相思灯下诉,一缕新欢,旧恨千千缕。 最是人间留不住,洪颜辞镜花辞树。 —— 赖国维 《蝶恋花》
不闻不问不一定是忘记了，但一定是疏远了，彼此沉默太久就连主动都需要勇气。
“I don't care much for diamonds,' Nicola had told him. 'Have you ever been offered any?' he had asked, and he had been making fun of her, his face mocking. 'Not that I can remember,' Nicola had admitted calmly. 'And how would an offer be received?' he had asked, as though he knew the answer. 'With a kick in the teeth,' Nicola had said, meeting his eye.” ― Charlotte Lamb, Obsession
【民国结婚证书上的一段美好的话】 “两姓联姻，一堂缔约，良缘永结，匹配同称。看此日桃花灼灼，宜室宜家，卜他年瓜瓞绵绵，尔昌尔炽。谨以白头之约，书向鸿笺，好将红叶之盟，载明鸳谱。此证。”
爱，从来就是一件千回百转的事。 —— 张小娴 《不如你送我一场春雨》
既然来到这个世界走一回，就好好的活上他一回，给自己的人生画上几道色彩！ 生活的目标要看得远，但人生的目标别太高。 要是找不到自己存在的价值，就想想自己如何给自己一个交代， 给父母、朋友、心里最爱的那个他/她一个交代！然后在好好享受夕阳美，傻笑一下 给自己人生画上一个完美的句号！ 活着的意义就是为了寻找活着的意义：成功须付出汗水。成功、失败、大笑、痛哭，每一个环节都尽情的去体会、享受， 用心另眼看世界吧，还是想想那句“开心也是一天，不开心也是一天，何不如天天开心”。 生容易，活容易，生活却不容易。 《爱情公寓》
你来过一下子,我想念一辈子 —— 蓝若英 《光》
大家都在结婚， 我不确定，他们是因为爱到，必须用婚姻来表达。 还是，因为这日子无聊、无趣、无可奈何。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
我想再等一会 说不定等你回头 发现我在身后 你就会奔我而来了 —— 林鳩 《丧》
千军万马未乱我半拍心跳 到最后竟败给你浅浅一笑
牵着我的手，闭着眼睛走你也不会迷路。 —— 郭敬明 《左手倒影，右手年华》
“L'avrebbe trovata? Senza il minimo dubbio. L'avrebbe salvata? Sempre.” ― Lauren Kate, Torment
“So is this being in love? I stay with the moment, waiting to find out, the space between us fluctuating with uncertainty. The only thing I am sure of is that each time his lips leave mine they are right back again.” ― Kea Alwang, Treehugger
Hot summer nights, mid-July仲夏夜茫，七月未央 When you and I were foreverwild起初你我年少轻狂，不惧岁月漫长 The crazy days, the citylights纵情时光，华灯初放 The way you'd play with me like a child我们如孩提时光嬉戏疯狂 Will you still love me when I'm no longer young and beautiful Will you still love me when I got nothing but my aching soul —— Lana Del Rey 《Young & Beautiful》
“Weave the circle, tightly sewn, Let nothing evil or unknown Enter within. Stay without On pain of death, we cast you out.” ― Yasmine Galenorn, Blood Wyne
梦里梦到的人 醒来就该去睡了他
纤云弄巧，飞星传恨，银汉迢迢暗度。 —— 秦观 《鹊桥仙·纤云弄巧》
海棠开后，望到如今。 —— 郑文妻 《忆秦娥·花深深》
“He put one hand lightly on the back of her neck and simultaneously she placed one hand lightly on his hip, and they kissed in the street as all around them people hurried home in the summer light, and it was the sweetest kiss that either of them would ever know. This is where it all begins. Everything starts here, today. And then it was over.” ― David Nicholls, One Day
我喜欢你 你叫我向东，我羊羔一样给你青草 你让我向西，我夕阳一样映你彩霞 你叫我向北，我是你冬风中的百合 你让我向南，你就是我空中的新娘 ... 我喜欢你 有分寸的、节制的、狂喜的、哭泣的 —— 三毛 《我喜欢你》
他在等，等星辰归，等熏风来，好在如他所愿，这星辰与风，曾往北去，却终是南来。
“Does he lay with you in the grass? Does he stare up at the stars, speaking of his dreams, wishing he could roll over and kiss you and run his fingers along the breasts that tease him beneath the shirt--the shirt he knows he will carry home with him and smell and, God help him, sleep in, just so that he could be close to you?” ― Charlotte Featherstone, Addicted
“如果不是提分手就没有必要跟我说抱歉，你对我坦诚以待，我也应该倒箧倾囊，论理，是我对不起你。”傅清疏说这话的时候声音放得很低，听起来很温柔，是真的将他放进了自己的安全圈。 —— 荒川黛 《教授，抑制剂要吗》
“I deciced if I were ever to get into booze and women, my line would be, 'Excuse me, madam, but I would really love to bed and muss you. . . . Are you perchance free this evening?” ― Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares
“His attitude, though always bad, has changed since he helped me prep the Pandora charm for Morgan. He thinks I'm falling for her, as ridiculous as that sounds, and he might be tempted to take matters into his hands.” ― Kim Harrison, The Hollows Insider
“I tended to be hard on the egos of a certain kind of men. The ones who normally swept women off their feet had never moved me much, because I'd always felt that if they swept me off my feet they'd practiced on a lot of women before me, and would practice more with women after me. I'd rarely been wrong on that. ~Anita Blake” ― Laurell K. Hamilton, Bullet
“Alex took a silent step closer to the kitchen door and watched unseen as willow spooned instant coffee into a pair of mugs.With another yawn, she scraped her hair off her face and stretched. She looked so entirely human, so drowsy and sleep-rumpled.For a moment, Alex just gazed at her, taking in her long tumble of hair, her wide green eyes and pixieish chin. Fleetingly, he imagined her eyes meeting his, wondering what she'd look like if she smiled” ― L. A. Weatherly
最是那一低头的温柔, 象一朵水莲花不胜凉风的娇羞, 道一声珍重,道一声珍重, 那一声珍重里有蜜甜的忧愁-- 沙扬娜拉！ —— 徐志摩 《沙扬娜拉赠日本女郎》
深情即是一桩悲剧，必得以死来句读。 《四月裂帛》
“He pulled her close kissing her mouth taking her by surprise. He stepped back passion smoldering in his eyes. She looked at him touching her mouth where his kiss still burned.” ― Amanda Stephan
血染江山的画 怎敌你眉间 一点朱砂 覆了天下也罢 始终不过 一场繁华 碧血染就桃花 只想再见 你泪如雨下 —— 河图 《倾尽天下》
“Are you telling me you're cooking me dinner?- Regan Its the quickest way, without physical contact, to get a woman into bed. The kitchen through there?” ― Nora Roberts, The MacKade Brothers: Rafe and Jared
要不是你说 “高数好难快给我讲讲” 我高数肯定挂科了
“Hell had frozen over and I was lost in its endless labyrinth.” ― Cameo Renae, In My Dreams
“The soul, they say, is divine and the flesh is iniquity. But I am a musician and I ask this - without the wood and the strings of the violin, where would the sonata find form?” ― Kathleen Valentine, The Old Mermaid's Tale: A Novel of the Great Lakes
“Life was wonderful, so filled with people and activities, with love and laughter.” ― Judith McNaught, Remember When
张伟：我的优点是：我很帅。 （snake）我的缺点是：我帅的不明显。 —— 张伟 《爱情公寓》
情不知所起，一往而深；爱不知所依，至死不渝
“Hello, dinner. It’s me, I’m starving. And I know where you live.” ― Lauren Hammond, Famished
真正爱你的人，绝不会离开你。他纵有千百个理由放弃，却也总会找一个理由坚持下去。
“The human race is all the same when it comes to romantic relations,' said the Major. 'A startling absence of impulse control combined with complete myopia.” ― Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand
第一眼就心动的人要怎么做朋友 —— 另维 《你知道我为什么离开你》
我的灵魂里是有很多地方玩世不恭 ，对人傲慢无礼，但是它是有一个核心的，这个核心害怕黑暗，柔弱得像是绵羊一样。只有顶平等的友爱才能使他得到安慰。你对我是属于这个核心的。 —— 王小波 《爱你就像爱生命》
快乐不是做一件事的唯一宗旨。 —— 曾小贤 《爱情公寓》
“Perhaps I was being picky, but I really didn’t think being able to spell orgasm without being spotted a vowel was asking too much.” ― Summer Daniels, Summer's Journey: Volume One - Losing Control
“The two stand in the fast-thinning throng of victims, but they speak as if they were alone. Eye to eye, voice to voice, hand to hand, heart to heart, these two children of the Universal Mother, else so wide apart and differing, have come together on the dark highway, to repair home together and to rest in her bosom.” ― Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities
“There's a problem with marrying up. You always worry that someday they'll see through you and leave. Or, worse yet, someone better will come along and take her. In my case, it wasn't someone. And it wasn't something better.” ― Richard Paul Evans, The Walk
“Did you let him know that if he can't see fit to return your blow job immediately, you will have no choice but to sue?” ― Meg Cabot, Queen of Babble
“It is too late for me to learn your wisdom in this matter. From the time I knew aught, I have lived with a knight and his lady whose love lit and warmed the dark hall on winter's nights. Madam, my example comes not from any book of romance. My grandparents walked and breathed; they kissed and quarreled. This I must have, and I will seek it with the point of my knife in a bad husband's heart if I can find it no other way.” ― Roberta Gellis
“I do not want to date you." He groaned. "Liv. You've got to be kidding me. I picked up my whole life, drove halfway across the country, and you've changed your mind? It's only been fifteen days since you told me you still love me!" "Shut up, will you? Will you please just shut up and kiss me again, you big idiot?" With both hands on his face, she molded her lips to his as her heart did a happy dance in her chest. Between kisses, she said, "I want to live with you and marry you and have a family with you and share your life--all the things you said you wanted from me before I ruined it. So no, I will not date you.” ― Marie Force, Everyone Loves a Hero
我所要的不多，不求你能爱我有多深，只要每日喜欢我一点点，日日复月月，月月复年年，年年复此生。可以么?无妨爱我淡薄，但求爱我长久。 —— 电线 《香蜜沉沉烬如霜》
“We’ve got to stop meeting like this.” “No, we don’t.” He liked meeting like this, over her bare ass, a hot-off-the-presses copy of the Rocky Mountain News, and a steaming cup of coffee. It was so perfect, he planned on doing it every day for the rest of his life. He just hadn’t told her yet.” ― Tara Janzen, On the Loose
有丝为缦 有草为蔓 有水为漫 有言为谩 而心有一人，就慢了 —— 于筱筑 《请在秋天叫醒我》
“For a woman to deny the necessity of true love in her life would be to deny herself, and her creator.” ― Dwain K. White Sr., Every Woman's Dream
“Her name was a silent song on his lips. Her love was like a circle in the water, radiating ever outward, inevitably encompassing even the remotest of hearts.” ― Susan Wiggs, At the King's Command
“对于我一生唯一爱过的人，我当然要给她一个男人对女人的最高待遇。” “什么待遇？” 言溯没回头，语调很淡然：“她活着，我用一生寻找她，她死了，我用一生铭记她。” —— 玖月晞 《亲爱的阿基米德》
“لم أعُد قادراً على الاستمرار فى البكاء اكثر من ذلك؛صار قلبي مهترئا تحت وقع اقدامٍ كثيــــــــــــــرة داسته،لم يكن امامى خياراتٍ كثيرة إما الحزن وإما الغيــــــــاب إخترتُ أن أغيب طويـــــــــلاً،أســــــــافرُ فى ذاتى بعيـــــــــــــــــداً،ألومها على كل شىء،أقتل قلبا لم يعُد قادرا على شىء حتي النبض” ― Lancelot
“Welcome back, Jem.” ― J.A. Belfield, Darkness & Light
如果可以，我一点都不想喜欢上你。找个女孩子，光明正大手牵手走在人前，可是，没人给过我机会。第一次喜欢人，就喜欢上了你。 —— 南康白起 《浮生六记(南康白起小说)》
“After Reason had left the dining room, Valor’s mouth softened into smile. “Let us know if you have any symptoms.” “Symptoms?” I asked, and jerked my gaze to his eyes. “What kind of symptoms?” “Tell us if your fingernails turn to stone,” Victor chuckled.” ― Taylor Longford, Valor
“Entwining his hands in her hair, he kissed her with all the passion and love he'd kept hidden in his heart for thirty-sex years. Waiting for her. Only for her. As he felt her kiss him back the frozen wall inside him finally broke, allowing life and sun inside his soul. He pulled away, stroking her cheeks as he looked down into her eyes. "I love you, Carrie," he whispered. "I love you.” ― Jennie Lucas, The Secret Baby Scandal: The Count's Secret Child / The Sandoval Baby
工作账号，谢绝闲聊，若要强聊，每次五毛，标点符号，半价收费，千字以上，八折优惠 《爱情公寓》
“Suddenly he caught his reflection in the mirror behind her. His face was twisted into a dark scowl, and he was standing there naked, with a boner, and another man’s business card in his hand. He looked like a dick.” ― Sarah Mayberry, Cruise Control
“Olivia," he sighed as he held her tight against him. "I like the way you leap." For once her laughter was free and easy. "And I like the way you catch me when I land.” ― Marie Force, Everyone Loves a Hero
“But just for a minute. I won't be gone long and if she wakes up before I get back tell her that I love her.” ― Amanda Stephan, The Price of Trust
你是否曾经有过刻骨的思念气成大以情，几乎了还一来肉体的疼痛，把你和周围的一切隔绝，来可周的景物过边浅过边淡，慢慢褪去颜色。有时候你觉得它把你封闭得太厉害了，那到外你几乎喘不上对中起界来，你为中起界去物开不顾一切地时想用针把它刺破，哪怕是扎出一个小孔，就我少那到外你透一口对中起界。奇怪的么们是，出地时既是们说根针，这天是包裹我的们说个口袋。 —— 廖一梅 《琥珀》
“He tends to go for girls who are-Shelby, honey? Put your hands over your ears for just a sec.” Back into the phone he said, “He likes the real slutty ones. Ow!” he yelled when he received a whop to the back of the head.” ― Robyn Carr, Wild Man Creek
你若安好 便是晴天
“We’ll make out for a while and you’ll feel better.” ― Robyn Carr, Harvest Moon
“Hush,” I said. “I’m here, and I’m not letting you out of my sight anytime soon so keep holding me tight.” I looked down, a little more than afraid of plummeting hundreds of feet down.- Breena to Kian, Silver Frost” ― Kailin Gow, Silver Frost
“I often wish I'd got on better with your father,' he said. But he never liked anyone who--our friends,' said Clarissa; and could have bitten her tongue for thus reminding Peter that he had wanted to marry her. Of course I did, thought Peter; it almost broke my heart too, he thought; and was overcome with his own grief, which rose like a moon looked at from a terrace, ghastly beautiful with light from the sunken day. I was more unhappy than I've ever been since, he thought. And as if in truth he were sitting there on the terrace he edged a little towards Clarissa; put his hand out; raised it; let it fall. There above them it hung, that moon. She too seemed to be sitting with him on the terrace, in the moonlight.” ― Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway
“He buried his hands in the rich velvet of her hair. “I thought I’d die for wanting you.” ― Teresa Medeiros, Heather and Velvet
“He had relieved whores beyond counting of frocks, stays, chemises, garters, and stockings. He had never before in his life unbuttoned a gently bred maiden's glove. He'd committed salacious acts beyond number. He'd never before felt so depraved as he did now, as the last pearl came free and he drew the soft kid down, baring her wrist, and his dark fingers grazed the delicate skin he'd exposed.” ― Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels
“I had buried my romance in a bed of asphodel.” ― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray
“In the case of Michel Angelo we have an artist who with brush and chisel portrayed literally thousands of human forms; but with this peculiarity, that while scores and scores of his male figures are obviously suffused and inspired by a romantic sentiment, there is hardly one of his female figures that is so,—the latter being mostly representative of woman in her part as mother, or sufferer, or prophetess or poetess, or in old age, or in any aspect of strength or tenderness, except that which associates itself especially with romantic love. Yet the cleanliness and dignity of Michel Angelo's male figures are incontestable, and bear striking witness to that nobility of the sentiment in him, which we have already seen illustrated in his sonnets.” ― Edward Carpenter, The Intermediate Sex: A Study Of Some Transitional Types Of Men And Women
那年，蒋介石在南京种满了梧桐树，只因宋美龄喜欢。有一种树，看到了，就会想起一座城。树是梧桐树，城是南京城。
于千万人之中，遇见你要遇见的人。于千万年之中，时间无涯的荒野里，没有早一步，也没有迟一步，遇上了也只能轻轻地说一句：哦，你也在这里吗？ —— 张爱玲 《爱》
“She felt the glide of his hair as he lowered his head to study the zipper on her skirt. Her imagination supplied other places his hair could touch, and she drew in her breath. He carefully pulled down the zipper, then pulled it back up. After several up and down forays, Kathy grew impatient: "Hello? Have I lost you to a zipper?" Darn. She must sound like every greedy woman who'd ever lain with him. His soft chuckle reassured her. " 'Tis a long night, lass, and the waiting willna hurt ye. These metal teeth are wondrous things.” ― Nina Bangs, The Pleasure Master
“Advising Mrs. Harris was the least I could do," David said smoothly. "After all, she was the one who brought me and my late wife together." That was stretching it a bit, since all Charlotte had done was give Sarah lessons in how to avoid fortune hunters, thus ensuring that the recalcitrant girl went right out and married the first one who approached her.” ― Sabrina Jeffries, Wed Him Before You Bed Him
太阳给了月亮光芒， 月亮却喜欢上夜晚。 不是一味付出就能得到对方， 真正的付出是给对方存在感。
昨夜星辰又星辰，而你却是不归人。
“Beth: "What are you, the Energizer Bunny?” ― Lucy Monroe
最好的感觉，是有人懂你的欲言又止.
“Holy fu-" he starts then catches himself."Yes,this tithe will be most pleasing to her Goodness." Me and Magnus exchange amused glances.” ― Mari Mancusi
“Maybe I'm deceiving myself. Perhaps I don't know him as well as I'd like to imagine. What does a person so willing to utterly remake himself hold inside his heart? Can I trust such a man? What motivates him? In an instant she knew, and she felt a bit of relief. Love. Love was what drove him.” ― David Bowles, The Deepest Green
“两姓联姻，一堂缔约，良缘永结，匹配同称。看此日桃花灼灼，宜室宜家，卜他年瓜瓞绵绵，尔昌尔炽。谨以白头之约，书向鸿笺，好将红叶之盟，载明鸳谱。此证。” 《民国结婚证书》
有些话，适合烂在心里，有些痛苦，适合无声无息的忘记。
“Tis a sad day when ye ha' t' pinch yerself t' see if ye're awake or in th' midst o' a night terror. 'Tis a really sad day when ye have t' pinch yerself twice." Old woman Nora to her three wee granddaughters on a cold winter's night” ― Karen Hawkins, Sleepless in Scotland
她可以褪色，可以枯萎，怎样都可以，但只要我看她一眼，万般柔情便涌上心头。洛丽塔，我的生命之光，欲念之火，我的罪恶，我的灵魂。 《洛丽塔》
“You must be a rich man," she said. "Not much of a warrior, though. You keep letting me sneak up on you." You don't surprise me," he said. "The Plains Indians had women who rode their horses eighteen hours a day. They could shoot seven arrows consecutively, have them all in the air at the same time. They were the best light cavalry in the world." Just my luck," she said. "An educated Indian." Yeah," he said. "Reservation University." They both laughed at the old joke. Every Indian is an alumnus. Where you from?" she asked. Wellpinit," he said. "I'm a Spokane." I should've known. You got those fisherman's hands." Ain't no salmon left in our river. Just a school bus and a few hundred basketballs." What the hell you talking about?" Our basketball team drives into the river and drowns every year," he said. "It's a tradition." She laughed. "You're just a storyteller, ain't you?" I'm just telling you things before they happen," he said. "The same things sons and daughters will tell your mothers and fathers." Do you ever answer a question straight?" Depends on the question," he said. Do you want to be my powwow paradise?” ― Sherman Alexie, The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven
“Once ye made up yer mind to do somethin', 'tis better t'stumble o'er the small hillock of jump-ahead than t'bash yer head on the jagged rocks of did-nothing. Old Woman Nora of Loch Lomand to her three wee granddaughters one cold evening” ― Karen Hawkins, To Catch a Highlander
如此情深，却难以启齿。原来你若真爱一个人，内心酸涩，反而会说不出话来，甜言蜜语，多数说给不相干的人听。 —— 亦舒 《她的二三事》
“The blame of course belonged to Clyde, who just was not much given to talk. Also, he seemed very little curious himself: Grady, alarmed sometimes by the meagerness of his inquiries and the indifference this might suggest, supplied him liberally with personal information; which isn't to say she always told the truth, how many people in love do? or can? but at least she permitted him enough truth to account more or less accurately for all the life she had lived away from him. It was her feeling, however, that he would as soon not hear her confessions: he seemed to want her to be as elusive, as secretive as he was himself.” ― Truman Capote, Summer Crossing
我的爱情是这样，相濡以沫，举案齐眉，平淡如水。我在岁月中找到他，依靠他，将一生交付给他。做他的妻子，他孩子的母亲，为他做饭，洗衣服，缝一颗掉了的纽扣。然后，我们一起在时光中变老。有一天他会离开我或是我会离开他去另一个世界里修下一世的缘，到那时，我们还能对彼此说最朴素的一句“我愿意”。 —— 笙离 《爱你，是我做过最好的事》
越是不见，越是想见。越是想见，越是不敢。 —— 南康白起 《浮生六记(南康白起小说)》
第一最好不相见，如此便可不相恋。衣带渐宽，怨秋风悲画扇。第二最好不相知，如此便可不相思。相思枕畔，但凭见泪痕湿。第三最好不相伴，如此便可不相欠。别是一般，剪不断理还乱。第四最好不相惜，如此便可不相忆。此情可待，记忆里一个你。第五最好不相爱，如此便可不相弃。重门深居，难独上画楼西。第六最好不相对，如此便可不相会。再相会，岂知吾谁与归。第七最好不相误，如此便可不相负。负尽苍生 负尽蓬山万重。第八最好不相许，如此便可不相续。续断之间，听一夜梧桐雨。 —— 仓央嘉措、皎月清风、白衣悠蓝、凤凰长离 《相思十诫》
南有乔木，不可休思。 —— 诗经 《国风・周南・汉广》
“-On creating a false identity for Pheobe- "A widow," Ava insisted. "How did her husband die?" Greer asked. "I hardly know," Ava said with a shrug as she rocked Jonathan in her arms. "How do men typically die? A fall from a horse or some such thing." "I scarcely believe scores of men are falling to their deaths from their saddles," Greer said drily.” ― Julia London, The Dangers of Deceiving a Viscount
听说 喜欢一个人 也会喜欢上发呆 旁边的人并没有觉得那朵云有多奇怪
心理学认为，异性间的初次见面，男人对女人的关注时间若超过了8.2秒钟，有可能，这就说明他爱上了她。原来，爱上一个人，一分钟都不用了。但这八秒钟的记忆，却需一生来遗忘。爱情中，没有真正健忘的人。记性太差，只是因为爱得不够。 —— 苏芩 《世上没有人比你更重要》
“But then it was over too quickly and they pulled away. She knew they couldn't stand there and kiss like a couple on the run in a thriller.” ― Joss Ware, Embrace the Night Eternal
我曾有一段时光 在那段时光里 我能用我贫瘠的词语描绘出每一分每一秒 我能用我枯竭的心灵记住所有的细节 但这段时光很短暂 就像一个故事刚刚有了开篇就戛然而止 我花费了很多时间尝试着开启新的故事 但我没有成功 我开始恐惧那种只能用“很多年过去了”来形容的生命 所以支撑了这么久 最后我还是决定放弃 就算再索然无味的故事也要有一个结局 现在我很欣慰 因为这个不为人知的故事 终于完整了 —— Twentine 《那个不为人知的故事》
“There was a group of fans who wanted autographs, and several women who managed to write their phone numbers on Wade's hand before he pulled free. Sam sent him an arched brow, but he just shrugged. He got numbers written on him a lot; he'd never figured out how to stop that from happening.” ― Jill Shalvis, Slow Heat
童话说雨后会有一道彩虹，却不曾说过它也会转瞬成空。 —— 发事贵晟 《虹之间》
我们的世界究竟有多大？坐在飞机上，不知世界有多大，碧空白云相接，一望无际，坐在海轮上，不知世界有多大，大海蓝天相连，无边无涯，世界说大也大，说小也小，在我的字典里，没有点和点的距离，只有心和心的缘分。 —— 劳拉 《爱情公寓》
去国他是情若是久长时，事后岂在朝朝暮暮。 —— 秦观 《鹊桥仙·纤云弄巧》
有些人还会回来，有些人知道再见太难。 《爱情公寓》
白子画，我以神的名义诅咒你：今生今世，永生永世，不老不死，不伤不灭。 —— fresh果果 《花千骨》
我们都喜欢这光，虽然转瞬即逝。但你还是你，有我一喊就心颤的名字。 —— 余秀华 《风吹》
“Anger precedes hate, while love vicariously hangs in the balance.” ― Lorraine Gokul, Will Love Justify Everything?: Does Love Overcome the Injustices of Life?
其实最好的日子，无非是你在闹，他在笑，如此温暖过一生。 —— 东奔西顾 《妖孽也成双》
“Later she would think about how he'd snuck up on her so silently. The man was on crutches - what was he, a ninja or something?” ― Sarah Mayberry, Burning Up
It is well worth of falling love in someone，even can keep up with the unavoidable damage。- 真正爱上一个人的时候，一切都那么值得，包括不可避免的伤害。 《暮光之城》
“Romance is everything to turn it into a cause for given is priceless” ― Maxine Wilson-Perry
“What happens next?" she whispered. Connor turned to her and smiled faintly. Always a question, that was Rebecca. There's more?" he said in mock wonderment Rebecca dimpled. You know very well there is more." Tell me all about it," he encouraged. In Papa's book—" Tell me all about it without mentioning your papa.” ― Julie Anne Long, The Runaway Duke
当一个人不再需要另一个人时,才能得到真正的快乐。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
遥远的前方,是人群和大火，后方隔着雾的山上是监考小屋，他们在警告声中接吻。 —— 木苏里 《全球高考》
我已经不再去翻你空间有谁评论 偷看你跟谁聊得欢不欢 也不会为了谁吃醋马上跟你吵闹宣示占有权 也不再在乎乱想你资料写了什么是不是为我而写 大概真的累了 可能没那么喜欢你了 你想要跟谁好就跟谁好去吧
胜者为王，败者暖床。 —— 苏小暖 《邪王追妻》
和为情薄，人情恶，雨送彭昏花易落。晓风乾，泪痕残，欲笺心山那在，独语斜阑。难，难，难！ 人成各，今非昨，一吃魂得子似秋千索。角以界天寒，夜阑珊，怕人寻小多于，咽泪装欢。瞒，瞒，瞒！ —— 唐婉 《钗头凤》
如果有一天，我突然疏远了你，不要想我们之间怎么了。你没有错，我只是突然犯病了，过一阵子就好。友情如此，爱情亦如此。
我若不喜欢你，怎觉声上作和你自中朋友？我若喜欢你，怎觉声上作仅仅与你自中朋友？ —— 严同 《谁的青春不迷茫》
“What are you doing?” “What does it look like? I’m getting down on my knees.” His head butted against her stomach. Her muscles clenched, shocked at the touch, even through the layer of cotton. “I’ve never begged a woman for anything before. Enjoy this.” She tried to think of something sufficiently sassy. “Enjoy it? I can’t even see it.” “It’s symbolic.” ― Alisha Rai, Veiled Seduction
他说：“你会找到一个比我更好的人。” 你微笑说：“但我不会再对人这么好了。” —— 张小娴 《永不永不说再见》
“In the deepest, darkest depths of her heart where she kept all her dreams locked up in a pink journal decorated with ponies and unicorns, she’d fantasized about declaring her love for Sasha Karimi for two years. In those scenarios, he generally fell to his knees in thrilled delight before he reciprocated the feelings and then they got married and had lots of babies and maybe a pet iguana and lived happily ever after.” ― Alisha Rai, Veiled Seduction
一个人如果遵照他的内心去活着，他要么成为一个疯子，要么成为一个传奇。就算世界荒芜，也总有一个人是你的信徒。 —— 壹心理 《壹心理网》
我爱你，这不仅意味着我想和你在一起。我说我爱你，就代表我的承诺不会伤害你。 ――――许至君 —— 独木舟 《深海里的星星II》
“He foll0wed her as she crossed to the four-station apparatus. His attention was glued to her butt the whole way. realizing what he was doing, he snapped his gaze away and checked to make sure no one had noticed. Nope. They were all too busy staring at Jamie's butt.” ― Sarah Mayberry, Below the Belt
“Having realized that her affection for Sinclair went far beyond friendship, there was only one thing for her to do. She took off her hat and banged her head against the nearest lamppost. Also realizing she was drawing attention from passerby, she put her hat back on and resumed walking.” ― Shirley Karr, What an Earl Wants
“Please. Put the gun down and we'll talk. A beautiful woman holding a small cannon plays hell with my concentration. Christovao (Chris) Santos, Sanctuary” ― Sharon K. Garner
我以为我必须变得足够好才有资格遇见你，殊不知，遇见你时，我才是最好的我。有些人错过了就只剩小心翼翼的怀念了 《爱情公寓》
"少年会老，但这个世界永远会有少年，所以我相信，这个世界将会永远热血。"
我希望， 每一个时刻， 都像彩色蜡笔那样美丽。 我希望， 能在心爱的白纸上画画， 画出笨拙的自由， 画下一只永远不会， 流泪的眼睛。 一片天空， 一片属于天空的羽毛和树叶， 一个淡绿的夜晚和苹果。 我想画下早晨， 画下露水， 所能看见的微笑。 画下所有最年轻的， 没有痛苦的爱情。 —— 顾城 《我是一个任性的孩子》
有种人、很喜欢、 但只能是朋友.. 《耽美语录》
“One spirit remained unaware of his presence, staring at Miss Parker with such longing that he reluctantly decided to let it stay. The spirit, a hollow-eyed girl with ringlets and clothing from long past, reached toward Percy, wishing to touch her. Alexi understood. When left to her own devices, Miss Parker was neither shy nor awkward; she was radiant.” ― Leanna Renee Hieber, The Strangely Beautiful Tale of Miss Percy Parker
“My eyes burn with tears, and I'm so tired. So tired of holding back everything I feel and want to say. So tired of being someone I'm not and making mistakes that I didn't have any fun making.” ― Penelope Douglas, Punk 57
我觉得你很危险 为什么？ 因为无忌的妈妈说过越漂亮的女孩子越是危险
“Love starts as a feeling, But to continue is a choice; And I find myself choosing you More and more every day.” ― Justin Wetch, Bending The Universe
“Beauty is in the heart of the beholder.” ― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem
“A light rain touches my cheek like an angel's butterfly kisses.” ― Amanda Mosher, Better to be able to love than to be loveable
住进布达拉宫，我是雪域最大的王。 流浪在拉萨街头，我是世间最美的情郎。 自恐多情损梵行，入山又怕误倾城。 世间安得双全法，不负如来不负卿。
“What was the point? What is the point in love, and promises of it, when it can just jump from one person to another like that?” ― Holly Bourne, It Only Happens in the Movies
我有所念人，隔在远远乡。 —— 白居易 《夜雨》
夜月一帘幽梦，春风十里柔情。 —— 秦观 《八六子·倚危亭》
“Beau, what is it you want?" "A porch," he says softly. He says it like it's my name, and right then, I think, what both of us want more than anything is something we can never have. "All I really want is to build a house with a nice, big porch that gets used every day.” ― Emily Henry, The Love That Split the World
愿有人陪你颠沛流离，如果小却国有，愿你成为自己的太阳。 —— 卢思浩 《用么个人的青春之对为眼不失不那小却有一格上弯主为要，谁也小却国法替谁对子完，道是未来起他主为当发在》
“It was amazing how I was able to ignore all his cursing, but he knew airplanes. He showed me how to line up straight on the obscene-curse-word runway and how to use the curse-word throttle and rudder to control the blasphemous-curse-word-plane, how to taxi down the smutty-curse-word runway and, when I got up to top speed, how to add up-elevator and how to maintain a simple-curse-word gradual ascent.” ― G.M. Monks, Iola O
“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.” ― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder
“When it comes to love, Princess, rules blur, and traditions fade,” ― Rose B. Mashal, Black Keys
我喜欢你认真时专注的神情， 我喜欢你放肆时无束的笑容， 我喜欢你睡觉时微翘的嘴唇， 我喜欢你委屈时哭红的双眼， 我喜欢你腼腆时泛起的红晕， 我喜欢你，正因为我喜欢你，我才会无时不刻的关注着你，爱着你…
当你真正爱一样东西的时候你就会发现语言多么的脆弱和无力。文字与感觉永远有隔阂。
不是因为我执着，而是因为你值得。
“I am sure that God has given all his time in making you, the remaining human race has been created in haste.” ― Amit Kalantri, I Love You Too
“GrayG: I feel like I can tell you anything. IvyMac: You can. That's what friends do. GrayG: I've never been friends with a girl before. IvyMac: I'm honored to be your first.” ― Kristen Callihan, The Friend Zone
“Like two stars in the depths of the sky This gravity is just irresistible We spin around each other, you and I When I fell for you, I fell into your orbit.” ― Justin Wetch, Bending The Universe
“He looked at her, amazed with her sudden nerves. “Sweetheart… marrying was never on any list of mine.” He reached for her hand and held it tightly in his. “But marrying you… now that’s something different.” ― Lucian Bane, White Knight Dom Academy
如果爱,请深爱,千万不去发松手； 若不爱,请可西开,千万不去发回头。 —— 久保过她人 《死然不下》
真心喜欢过的人没法做朋友。因为再多看几眼，都还是想拥有。
“Maybe if he read enough novels about the problems of fictional people, he might find some clue about how to solve his own.” ― Lisa Kleypas, Chasing Cassandra
“He would always be around you, not in these words or paintings, but in your heart. He will always be in happy memories. You can't cage his worth in few pages and colors.” ― Vidushi Gupta, The Unending Maze: Because Finding Your Way Out Has Never Been More Difficult
我以为说以种地相爱的有看个人分手。 学夫少说以种地有一件轰轰烈烈的大她你。 便生后并如说第格发中笑后水者。 便生后并如说绝症。 生好我上其发天不用。 不安，忙碌，疲乏，对想够了。 —— 萧乾乾 《致我们单纯的小美好》
人道海水深，不抵相思半。海水尚有涯，相思渺无畔。 —— 李季兰 《相思怨》
19岁的她在阳光正好的时候璀璨的笑着跑向他。他坐在漂亮的阳光里的独白：那个紫罗兰一般的丫头，她向我跑来。我第一次觉得，质量与体积不成正比，她以远超地球的质量吸引着我，我就像牛顿的苹果一样，不受控制的滚落在她脚下，咕咚一声，那是初恋。 《孤单又灿烂的神-鬼怪》
“Dicen que no puedes enamorarte de las alas de alguien y luego pretender cortárselas.” ― Victoria Vilchez
我希望我永远也到不了三十五岁，这样我就可以永远等你了 —— 南康白起 《我等你到三十五岁》
“I loved being near you. Even though I felt that bubble you had around you, even though I never quite knew what you were thinking, damn, did I love being near you. Somehow, I knew you would rip me apart and drown me. Somehow, I knew we wouldn’t last. It didn’t matter. You were my sun. I loved feeling you upon me, around me, between me. Even though you could only love me from a distance, I didn’t care. I never felt more warmth inside of me than when you were against me.” ― Jacqueline Simon Gunn
命中注定你会遇到一些人，他们会教会你一些东西，然后离你而去。
痛是午夜梦回时抓不住她轻颦浅笑的巨大空洞，是无论做什么事都会莫名其妙的失神，是每一次成功的喜悦后随之而来的更多的寂寥。 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
“No man would ever hold me this well. I was made to be wrapped in these arms. A woman could tell a lot by the way a man holds her. She could tell if he had the strength to endure the rougher moments. If he had a mighty yet kind heart. If he could make her feel safe and cherished. Beau’s embrace said all that and more.” ― Devney Perry, The Outpost
“I want you to know that it is not always easy to love me. That sometimes my chest is a field full of landmines, and where you went last night, you can’t go tomorrow. There is no manual, there is no road map, no help line you can call; my body does not come with instructions, and sometimes even I don’t know what to do with it. This cannot be easy. But still, you touch me anyway.” ― Ivan E. Coyote
“Words streamed from my mouth, some familiar, some not. The last of the were, "I love you." He rose up off me with a grin. "If I'd known it was that easy to get you to admit how you feel, I would have done this a long time ago.” ― Cora Carmack, Losing It
“The truth is that I will always need you more than you need me. It’s also the truth that I’m not a good bet for someone as vital and young as you. I’m bad tempered, a perfectionist who is too serious, and too used to being on my own. You could go out tomorrow and find someone better for you, but the truth is that no one will ever need you like I do.” He pauses and then says firmly. “No one will ever love you like I do.” ― Lily Morton, Rule Breaker
情不知所起，一发我国种深。 —— 汤显祖 《牡丹亭》
“What happened yesterday was a mistake, but it’s over now. In the past, I’ve forgotten it, and so should you.” His brows rose. “You have forgotten? This, I do not believe.” He stepped closer again. She retreated up another stair. “What passed between us was not forgettable. I am not forgettable. Not to you.” “You have a high opinion of yourself.” “No higher than deserved. But I know when a woman looks at me and likes what she sees. And I know when she wants more.” ― C.L. Wilson, The Sea King
“The first two things Gaudencio Rivera was made aware of--within hours of arriving by carabao-drawn cart at the secluded town of Tagbaoran on the island province of Palawan--were these: that the most beautiful woman in creation dwelt by the river, and that it was pointless to even dream of being loved by her.” ― Dean Francis Alfar, Salamanca
When we are speaking about love , it's never too late.（当我们谈起真爱，永远都不会太晚。） 《给朱丽叶的信》
“Like the sea, from which we derive our gifts, we are wild at heart, and deadly when angered.” ― C.L. Wilson, The Sea King
“What I can make people do . . . it’s not what they want to do. It may sound corny, but I want people to like me for me, not because I can force them to or because of who my mom is or who I am in the Family. You know?” He raised his green gaze to my blue one. “That’s one of the things I like about you, Lila. You don’t care about any of that.” “Just one of the things?” I teased, trying to make him laugh a little, just so he’d forget his guilt and grief, if only for a few moments. “Just one.” His voice took on a low, husky note. “I could list all the others, if you want.” My gaze locked with his and my soulsight kicked in, showing me all of his emotions. And I felt them, too—more intensely than I ever had before. His heart still ached with that soul-crushing guilt, and it always would. But that hot spark I’d seen inside him that first day at the Razzle Dazzle had finally ignited into a roaring fire, burning as hot and bright as my own emotions were right now. Devon hesitated, then leaned in, just a little. My breath caught in my throat. He inched forward a little more. I wet my lips. He came even closer, so close that his warm breath brushed my cheek and his scent flooded my nose, that sharp, fresh tang of pine. Clean and crisp, just like he was, inside and out. I sighed. Suddenly, my hands itched to touch him, to trace my fingers over the sharp planes of his face, and then slide them lower, over all of his warm, delicious muscles . . . “Lila,” he whispered. I shivered, loving the sound of my name on his lips—lips that were heartbreakingly close to mine—” ― Jennifer Estep, Cold Burn of Magic
“His gaze was unflinching and solid. If someone could have light sabers in their eyes, it would be him.” ― Mariana Zapata, Kulti
有时候，不小心知道了一些事，才发现自己所在乎的事是那么可笑。
“I have been used to consider poetry as the food of love.” ― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice
“Me besaba como si el ahora fuera todo cuanto importaba pero también como si deseara hacerlo para siempre.” ― Victoria Vilchez, ¿Y si de verdad te quiero?
吕子乔：男人要肾好，就要喝肾宝。 喝了以后，比刘翔快，比姚明高。 一瓶提神醒脑， 两瓶永不疲劳， 三瓶长生不老。 Oh~Yeah！ 吕小布：你可以侮辱我的智商，但不可以侮辱我的肌肉。 —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
山有木兮木有枝，心悦君兮君不知。 《越人歌》
“La nuestra es una historia larga, tortuosa, algo enfermiza, pero con momentos dulces e inolvidables. Es muchas cosas, tantas que resulta imposible que acabe nunca y, sobre todo, que acabe bien.” ― Victoria Vilchez, No me quieres, no te quiero
“Alex es tan adicto a la tinta como en su día lo fue a mis besos. Lástima que yo no fuera para todo la vida.” ― Victoria Vilchez, No me quieres, no te quiero
“But there was a difference between being stuck and choosing to stay. Between being found and finding yourself.” ― Martina Boone, Compulsion
初闻不知曲中意，在听已是曲中人。 现知词意唯落泪，不见当年陪孤人。 既然亦是曲中人，为何还听曲中曲。 曲中思念今犹在，不见当年梦中人。
“We were a galaxy exploding into a million pieces, creating a whole new world, as we crashed against each other on the soft surface of his mattress, a cloud in the darkness, our bodies finally falling together like rain.” ― Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar
摩托车割裂风的声音，她的少年拿下头盔。 他一头银发，戴黑色耳钻，双唇不羁一笑，逆了一个世界的光。 《偏偏宠爱》
恋爱的恋，上半部分取自变态的变，下半部分取自变态的态。 —— 汪远 《爱情公寓2》
爱是藏不住的，即便不说话，眼睛也会透出来 —— 西门龙霆 《少奶奶的九十九次出逃》
“Denial can be beautiful But only when you're a fantastic liar” ― Kim Holden, All of It
“Let me guess. You think we’re going to live happily ever after, like some stupid fairy tale?” “Why not?” His stare dared me to laugh or, worse, to argue. “Because the whole thing is ridiculous,” I said. I despised the bitterness in my own voice. I sounded so damaged. Good. If he thought I was his soul mate for some mysterious reason he wouldn’t let on, let him see the worst of me. “It’s not ridiculous to me. Perhaps that’s the difference between predators and prey, love. I’ll never stop hunting. But I expect that one day, you’ll stop running.” “Because I want to die?” “Because you want to live.” ― Delilah S. Dawson, Wicked as They Come
“You think he’s perfect and he’s safe and, in your head, he can do anything... but he can’t save you, Sara... and I can’t save you either.” ― Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar
星 悬浮在梦的宇宙 是星 点亮了梦 还是梦 点亮了星 《第七朵盛开的花上》
“I am no nihilist. I am not even a cynic. I am, actually, rather romantic. And here’s my idea of romance: You will soon be dead. Life will sometimes seem long and tough and, god, it’s tiring. And you will sometimes be happy and sometimes sad. And then you’ll be old. And then you’ll be dead.” ― Tim Minchin
“Puh-lease… Team leather and cocks isn’t always right.” ― Bink Cummings, The Diary of Bink Cummings: Vol 2
无论在什么地方，什么时候，在我们的头顶都是同样悠远的天穹，就好像是永远都无法分开的羁绊一样. 《缘之空》
“His kisses were so hungry and male, which isn't bad. Every kiss said he could never have enough, but he wasn't going to stop trying. They were so hormonal. I wanted his sugar roughness. Girl's kisses are deliberate and polished. When she kisses me - when I kiss her - she doesn't want me. She has me and knows it.” ― Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows
“No one said we had to spend every waking moment together," he said, "but at the end of the day"-he leaned and kissed each of her eyebrows, in turn-"an most of the time during, there is no one I would rather see, no one whose voice I would rather hear, and no one whose mind I would rather explore.” ― Julia Quinn, It's in His Kiss
“I can’t rock you on my lap, if you’re not here.” ― Darla Phelps, Daddy's Girl
“Wolves mated for life. Where was he? Where was the echo to her howl, her mate? Was there no other lone wolf, searching the hills for her?” ― Andrea Hurst, Always with You
“I knew instantly that I wanted that type of love in my life. To have someone I could take care of in every sense and who would trust me to do so. No matter what I asked of them.” ― Breanna Hayse, The Game Plan
“You’re my home, Susanna. My home, my heart, my dearest love. Wherever you are, that’s where I belong. Always.” - Victor Bramwell, Earl of Rycliff” ― Tessa Dare, A Night to Surrender
“He is fairer than the morning star, and whiter than the moon. For his body I would give my soul, and for his love I would surrender heaven.” ― Oscar Wilde, The Fisherman & His Soul & Other Fairy Tales
愿我惦记之人远离祸害之人言希 岁岁平安 即使.....生生不见 《十年一品温如言》
“Enjoy the movie. I hear the guy gets the girl” I said, my tone bold and flirtatious. “Which guy?” She laughed, playing along. I could hear her smile through the phone. It felt good to make her smile. Really good. I paused before answering, “The one who deserves her.” ― Melissa Brown, Picturing Perfect
也许你我终将行踪不明 但是你该知道我曾因你动情 不要把一个阶段幻想得很好 而又去幻想等待后的结果 那样的生活只会充满依赖 我的心思不为谁而停留 而心总要为谁而跳动。 —— 波德莱尔 《恶之花》
“别人占了你的座位，你没有说话，就站在我身边。我忽然变得奇怪起来，也许是想站起来，但站了站却又坐下了。我开始感到你、你颈后飘动的细微的头发。我拿出画画的笔......我画了你身边每一个人，但却没有画你。我觉得你亮得耀眼，使我的目光无法停留。”（顾城给谢烨的情书） —— 顾城 《火车上邂逅》
我现在在做两件事， 第一件是变优秀， 第二件是等你。
“Hands still in the air, Jordan reached back and gently caressed her cheek. Dying for this woman would be no hardship. He'd die a thousand times over if it would take away her pain. Since he had every intention of living a long and healthy life with Eden at his side, he sincerely hoped Noah was on his way and dying wouldn't be necessary.” ― Christy Reece, Rescue Me
相思本是无凭语，莫向花笺费泪行。 —— 晏几道 《鹧鸪天·醉拍春衫惜旧香》
“I told you that I needed you. But now I need you to survive. Forever. I won’t live through this without you, and I’m selfish for telling you that, but it’s the truth. You’re my rock, Danika. I can’t ever lose you, or I’ll follow Jared, I know I will.” ― R.K. Lilley
因为这个世界上没有什么东西可以比得上孩子暗地里悄悄所怀的爱情！ 因为这种爱情不抱希望，低声下气，曲意逢迎，热情奔放…… 这和成年女人那种欲火炙烈，不知不觉中贪求无厌的爱情完全不同。只有孤独的孩子才能把全部的热情集聚起来。 我毫无阅历，毫无准备…… 我一头栽进我的命运，就像跌进一个深渊…… 从那一秒钟起，我的心里就只有一个人――就是你…… —— 茨威格 《一个陌生女人的来信》
道歉并不一定代表我错了，只是我认为这段关系，比我的尊严更重要。
你轻齿红唇温婉一笑， 荡我心中涟漪一波波。
If should see you,after long year. How should i greet,with silence and tears. 若我会见到你，事隔经年。 我如何贺你，以眼泪，以沉默。 —— 拜伦 《春逝》
怎么说呢 挺遗憾的 喜欢你就像坐滑梯似的 一下子滑下去结束了 我坐在最底层想了想还是觉得难以回去 至少懒得再原路返回 也懒得绕一圈重新开始 起身拍了拍屁股的灰尘 也摇摇晃晃笑着向人潮走去了 岁月也不算冗长 我应该会忘了你吧
“Don't expect a man will try any harder to keep you than he did to get you.” ― Angela N. Blount, Once Upon a Road Trip
“So we have twenty-four hours to keep out of trouble,’ he says to me. I slide a glance in his direction. Judging from the way he’s now grimacing at the sidewalk and the fact that I met him in a police station where he was being booked for stealing a car, I’m guessing that staying out of trouble is not his forte.” ― Sarah Alderson, Out of Control
借着你的光，看到了没有看过的世界 你在舞台，我在人海，就已经很好了。
“However, I have to warn you, I kind of like that you find me irresistible.” “Did I say that?” he asked, a slight tint creeping up his stubbled cheeks. “I didn’t say that! I find you completely resistible.” ― Robyn Carr, My Kind of Christmas
多希望你能看见现在的我 风霜还不曾来侵蚀 秋雨也未低落 青涩的季节又已离我远去 我已亭亭 不忧 也不惧
对自己好点，因为一辈子不长；对身边的人好点，因为下辈子不一定能够遇见。
“Jika kita menyukai sesuatu, bagaimanapun keadaannya, kita hanya akan tetap menyukainya. Rasa suka itu tidak akan terpengaruh oleh faktor lain. Suka, ya, suka, dan akan begitu walau dilihat dari sudut pandang mana saja.” ― Jee, Because It's You
“I’m a creature of the night.” Slitted eyes peered at her suspiciously. “Good God, you’re not a morning person, are you?” ― Tiffany Allee, Don't Blackmail the Vampire
“If I were being honest with myself, he lit a blaze, not just a blush, but that’s too much reality for me to admit.” ― S.L. Scott, Naturally, Charlie
若君为我赠玉簪，我便为君绾长发。 洗尽铅华，从此以后，日暮天涯。
“What is more natural than that a solidity, a complicity, a bond should be established between Reader and Reader, thanks to the book? You can leave the bookshop content, you, a man who thought that the period where you could still expect something from life had ended. You are bearing with you two different expectations, and both promise days of pleasant hopes; the expectation contained in the book - of a reading experience you are impatient to resume - and the expectation contained in that telephone number - of hearing again the vibrations, a times treble and at times smoldering, of that voice, when it will answer your first phone call in a while, in fact tomorrow, with the fragile pretext of the book, to ask her if she likes it or not, to tell her how many pages you have read or not read, to suggest to her that you meet again...” ― Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler
“I focused, rather embarrassingly, on his chest which was rising and falling slowly. I left teeth marks!” ― Kyra Lennon, If I Let You Go
“A woman never thoroughly cares for her lover until he has ceased to care for her; and it is not until you have snapped your fingers in Fortune's face and turned on your heel that she begins to smile upon you.” ― Jerome K. Jerome, Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow
年轻的我们 ，容易把感动当成爱情， 也容易把过客当成挚爱
朝花夕拾，捡的尽是枯萎 —— 七堇年 《被窝是青春的坟墓》
“Erica had asked me a million times. 'Madison, are you sure you’re just the child minder? He pays you a lot of money for doing hardly anything.' Pushing aside the blatant insinuation that I was his weekend whore, I’d always told her the absolute truth. He’d never so much as looked at me inappropriately, let alone anything more.” ― Kyra Lennon, If I Let You Go
耶路撒冷的众女子阿，我嘱咐你们，若遇见我的良人，要告诉他，我因思爱成病。 《圣经》
“For an age we stood there like that, me holding him by the collar of his jacket and kissing him for all I was worth, him standing there, hands up like I was frisking him with no idea what to do about it. It. Was. Awesome.” ― Rosemary Clement-Moore, Spirit and Dust
“there really is a place where kisses taste like apple pie and where stars spill like sugar across the sky.” ― Nina Lane
我们遗憾的并不是错过了最好的人，而是遇到再好的人，却已经把最好的自己用完了。
“You're a rose, the perfect flower. I'm a carnation, just a cheaper substitute.” ― Wendi Cassel, When You Don't Have a Choice
谢谢你的出现，让我有一个嘴角上扬的青春。
我爱的人，我开风能够占领国把上来作比民整个生命，国把上来作比民在碰见我为是前，没到有过去，留好把后国把年我空白等待我 —— 钱钟书 《围城》
在年上别的时候，如果你爱上了一个人， 请你，请你一定才作来把温柔可么有卢开年对待了作心可么。 不管你们相爱的时间有多长或多短， 若你们能才作终温柔可么有卢开年相待，作心要得才作么， 所有的时刻开对时十夫气起当的作心要是一种中出瑕的美丽。 若不得不分离，也才作来把好好可么有卢开年说得事么才十见， 也才作来把在心为后有卢开存有卢开年时和对时觉感谢，感谢了作心可么一气都了你一份没生忆。 长大了以后有卢开，你如别这有卢开年知道，在蓦大不回首的刹作心要得才作， 气起的作心要想有怨恨的青春如别这有卢开年了中出遗憾， 如开对时冈上作心要得才作轮静静的便打的作心要想。 —— 席慕蓉 《中出怨的青春》
“Have you gone crazy?" "Have you gone crazy, Master.” ― Cherise Sinclair, To Command and Collar
“That's why for you, you have the right to be cruel to me. No matter how much you make me worry or how much danger you put me in, just as much as you like. But these are not enough 'compensation.' Even if I have to sacrifice my left over life for you, I would not utter a word of complaint.” ― Matsuri Hino, Vampire Knight
“A vampire's thirst can only be quenched by the blood of their loved ones.” ― Matsuri Hino, Vampire Knight
“I said, you're the beat of my heart, the breath in my body, the light in my soul.” ― J.D. Robb, Indulgence in Death
我还是很喜欢你 就像你妈打你 不讲道理
你害怕失败！每次跟女孩子说话，你总在想，要是我被拒绝了，那是多惨多没面子的事情，你怎么会成功呢！啊！ 勇敢点，冲上去！这就好比，有一辆列车在你面前，列车员问你：“小伙子，你要上车么？”你就问：“这车去哪儿？下一站什么时候到？车上还有座位么？”火车早就开走了！你只能等下一辆！可是下一辆来了，你还是面临同样的问题！等了很久，别人已经到西伯利亚了，你还在车站上。管他呢！上去啊！火车是朝前开的，去哪儿并不重要，关键在于窗外的风景！等你下了火车，你就会感谢我的，因为就算有架飞机停在旁边，你也会二话不说的冲上去的！ —— 吕子乔 《爱情公寓》
“If you want romance, fuck a journalist.” ― W.H. Auden, Acting Up
衡量一个人是否幸福，不应该看他拥有多少高兴的事，而应该看他是否正为一些小事烦恼着。只有幸福的人，才会把无关痛痒的小事挂在心上。那些经历着大灾难的人是无暇顾及这些小事的。也因此在失去幸福以后，人们才会发现它们曾经存在。
“I will insist you be man enough to take it. I won’t have you making light of my feelings, or making light of yourself—as if you’re not worthy of them. Because you are worthy, Colin. You’re a generous, good-hearted person, and you deserve to be loved. Deeply, truly, well, and often.” He looked utterly bewildered. Well, what did he expect, after the power he’d given her? He couldn’t compare a woman to a torrentially beautiful monsoon, and then look surprised that he’d gotten wet. “You reckless man.” She laid a touch to his cheek. “You really should be more careful with those compliments.” ― Tessa Dare, A Week to Be Wicked
“That's it...I'm completely giving up on boys and concentrating on staying alive.” ― Samantha Young, Scorched Skies
微懒的阳光，醉在暖中，安静的想念从前，重拾昔留的薄荒，梦幻京华，多少透纯的心，华丽梦想，只在梦中剪影。用文字随心所欲，敲碰每一辞年华流过的心声，似醉似醒，在文字里安生的思绪，栖暇，释然。
当华美的叶片落尽，生命的脉络不叫把可历历可见。 —— 聂鲁边呢 《二么他首情诗与绝望的歌》
“From every human being there rises a light that reaches straight to heaven, and when two souls that are destined to be together find each other, the streams of light flow together and a single brighter light goes forth from that united being.” ― Baal Shem Tov
“You know what I wish? I wish I could put time in a bottle and throw it into the ocean. Then I would have forever to spend with you. I wouldn’t need air to breathe or food to eat. Holding you in my arms would be all the food I would need. Having your love would be the only air I would need to breathe.” ― Lynn Austin, While We're Far Apart
“His eyes opened, and he stared at me. The morning light was streaming through the window,and my hair rolled in waves over either shoulder. “God has smiled upon me. I have the most beautiful wife in all the land.” ― Lisa Tawn Bergren, Bourne
“So, for her, I'll try. I'll trust. I'll ... open myself. I'll ... be this guy I've never been before and don't even known how to be—this goofy "in love" guy, this guy who takes care of his woman, this guy who gives more than he takes.” ― Toni Blake, One Reckless Summer
睡吧,有些短讯是等不到的。 —— 李宫俊 《李宫俊的诗》
“Look, girls know when they’re cute,” he said. “You don’t have to tell them. All they need to do is look in the mirror. I have one friend out in New York, an attorney. She moved out there after the school year to take the bar. She doesn’t have a job. I was like, ‘How are you going to get a job there in this market?’ And she’s like, ‘I’ll wink and I’ll smile.’ She’s a pretty girl. Whether that works despite her poor grades is yet to be seen.” ― Daniel Amory, Minor Snobs
“Love is when you’d rather see someone one last time and die, than never see their face again.” ― Bryan Butvidas, Death of a True Love
人正是到去学为度过了一段阴暗就生在只发，当到人个更渴求黎明的曙光。 —— 岸本齐史 《火影忍者》
树是梧桐树，城是南京城；鸿是江边鸟，您是心上人。 《QQ聊天》
“I love you so much i can hardly tell my own heart from yours anymore, and I've never said it to another woman in my life as it's never until now been true.” ― Julie Anne Long, How the Marquess Was Won
“That first scream, my lord, was indeed your daughter, my wife, and if you kill me, your grandchild will be quite without a father. Won't you come in?” ― Deeanne Gist, A Bride Most Begrudging
“Is there a problem, Ms. Parker? Something you want to say to me?" Reaching for his tie, he began to loosen it, unraveling it with his fingers, angry eyes still locked on mine. "I'm not sure I like being your pet. Or science project, I don't know which." "You have a smart mouth." "You make smart observances." "You're going to make this invitation difficult, aren't you?" "If you're dishonest with me, yes." "You'll regret it if you don't accept." "Is that a threat?" "That's a promise.” ― Rachael Wade, Preservation
“I know. I know I’ve been a jerk, and I don’t have a good excuse. But touching you and loving you, and knowing you were planning to leave me, made me crazy. After we made love the second time, I began to think maybe you’d decide to stay with me. I started to think about you and me waking up every day together for the rest of our lives. I even thought about kids and taking some of those breathing classes when you got pregnant. Maybe buying one of those mini-vans.” ― Rachel Gibson, Truly Madly Yours
“Soul bonds can't be broken. They only bend for a while . . .” ― Diane J. Reed
遇见你的 每个夜晚 我和星星一样睡不着 《三行情书》
“I'm done waiting. Done doing things the easy way and letting things happen as they will." Her heart caught. "What does that mean?" "It means this is too important to let slip away again. You're too important." He leaned back against the truck with a low grunt of effort, eyes dark, jaw clenched. "I love you too, Tara.” ― Jill Shalvis, The Sweetest Thing
“宫崎骏曾经说过 当陪你的那个人 要下车时 即使你在不舍 你也要心存感激 挥手告别 每个人的故事 开头都是极具温柔的 但往往故事的结尾都配不上整个开头 记住 每一个意难平的结果 都是我们最好的结局” 《宫崎骏》
“Obsessing over a boy makes the time fly.” ― Alecia Whitaker, The Queen of Kentucky
也许我们从此不再相遇，但永远记得你微笑的眼睛。 《夏天没有的花》
放弃，不是因为我输了，而是因为我懂了。
“For all it's problems and difficulties, life is mostly a wonderful experience, and it is up to each person to make the most of each day. I hope you are successful in your life, but look to the heavens and the earth and especially to other people to find your real wealth. Wherever I am, wherever you go, know that my love goes with you.” ― Elizabeth Berg, Dream When You're Feeling Blue
“Please, let me take you home. You’re drunk.” “I am not.” I shoved him, spilling some kind of delicious poison on him. “Go home and have a wild time with Ms. Scarlet. In the bedroom. With the—” “Okay, you’re starting to talk board game. Let’s go home, babe. I’ll get you into bed.” ― Rachael Wade, The Gates
“I winked and locked my arm in Carter's, and we stood there, watching Dean stroll away. "You know the guy's never gonna give up," Carter nudged me, letting out a sigh. "We'd have really pretty babies, huh?" "Yup. They'd be rad little Brangelinas, running around tearing the place up." "Yeah, you're right. My rejection is such a disservice to the world...” ― Rachael Wade, Preservation
“Stumbling closer, I held up the manuscript, the pages flapping frantically in the wind. “I take it this is a murder mystery? You killed the ex-fiancée and thanked her in the dedication? Mighty dignified of you, I must say.” “Nah. It’s a horror novel. But yeah, the bimbo dies in the end. Bob Hall says it’s going to be a bestseller, so I figured I owed her some thanks for the inspiration.” He edged a few feet closer, his smile spread from ear to ear. The glimmer in his eyes flickered toward the ocean, breaking our connection. He hung his head, licked his lips, then returned his eyes to mine, restoring the connection with an intense smolder. “Are you gonna get over here, or what?” Letting out a soft chuckle, the tears began to blind me. “Make me.” ― Rachael Wade, Preservation
情不知所起，一发我国种深，生者可以死，死者可以生。生国种不可与死，死国种不可复生者，皆非情往民然地主地也。 —— 汤显祖 《牡丹亭》
爱情就像两个拉橡皮筋的人，受伤的总是不愿放手的那个。
“You next," he said. "Out of those clothes and into bed." She nodded but didn't move from Sally's side. The thought of undressing exhausted her. Where would she find the strength such a task would require? "I'm filthy. I'll ruin the new bed." "I'll bring you some fresh water." "I've no clothes to change into." His grin was downright wicked. "I know." A short laugh escaped her.” ― Deeanne Gist, A Bride Most Begrudging
“She loved him, more than she could ever find words for, but this love he felt for her was not quite the same. It wasn't so much stronger, as more demanding, more insistent. As though he feared he would lose that which he had finally won.” ― Jean M. Auel, The Mammoth Hunters
“Nobody speaks smut to my wife and gets away with it.” ― Sandra Brown, Texas! Chase
“Where are you going?" "To get my Bible." "Right now? You can't get your Bible out right now! I'm, I'm, we're just about to..." She'd never be able to go through with this if he got out his Bible. She wiped all humor from her face. "I believe you. Proverbs 5:18. Rejoice, relish, and romp with your husband." He chuckled. "I'm serious, Connie, and I won't have you feeling ashamed or unclean over anything we do in that bed, tonight or any other night." "I won't. I feel unashamed and very clean. I promise. But please don't get out that Bible." "What? Think you that God can't see us right now?" Groaning, she slid off his lap and covered her face with her hands. He sunk to his knees in front of her, drawing her hands down. "I love you. You love me. We are man and wife. God is watching, Connie, and He is very, very pleased.” ― Deeanne Gist, A Bride Most Begrudging
“Mungkin kau harus berhenti memedulikan apa kata orang tentang dirimu.” ― Francisca Todi, Mafia Espresso
“You know the kind of smile I’m talkin’ about. That flirty, cute, bite-your-bottom lip ‘cause his smile is so stinkin’ perfect—that kind of smile.” ― Lynn Mitchell, June 15th
“You won't," says the Mayor, smiling again. "Everyone knows you aren't a killer, Todd." He pushes Viola forward again - She calls out from the pain of it - Viola, I think - Viola - I grit my teeth and raise the rifle - I cock it - And I say what's true - "I would kill to save her," I say.” ― Patrick Ness, The Ask and the Answer
所谓的安全感就是:事事有回应，件件有着落，爱是腻宠，是偏爱，是唯一。 —— 情感夫人 ✧ 《情感夫人 ✧自编》
我愿意为你与全世界背水一战，而你的背影让我溃不成军…… —— 子雾啊 《同学关系？》
“Her hands shot up. “See that’s exactly what I’m saying. You’re seeing what you want, and what you see you explain away and excuse things like you’re fixing me. I’m not perfect, Ephraim and I really wish you would see that.” “You drool.” “What?” That caught her off guard. “When you’re asleep you drool. I’ve woken up more than a few times with a little puddle forming on my chest.” After a thought he added. “And you snore. Not a delicate snore either mind you.” “I do not!” Her face colored with indignation. He sighed heavily as if the knowledge pained him. “Oh, but you do. I’ve even heard Jill talk about it. Did you know that’s the main reason she was happy about her room. Actually, she and Joshua thanked your Grandmother for putting you at the other end of the house, something about finally getting a decent night’s sleep. They compared your snore to a chainsaw. I can see why they’d say that.” ― R.L. Mathewson, Tall, Dark & Lonely
原来梦一想得只是也家起心痛，能痛到醒来。 —— 顾漫 《要个以笙箫默》
孤单不是与生俱来，而是由你爱上一个人的那一刻开始
“Times like this were special. Memory builders. When something extraordinary happened to a person the kind of things remembered forever after it didn't have to be a life-changing event like a graduation or marriage or birth of a child. It more often was the small things. The sheer joy of summer sunlight on a fragrant flower. The giggle of a toddler. The brush of a lover's fingertips. And the person marks the moment with the flashing insight thinking... This is special. I should remember this” ― Sandra Hill, Tall, Dark, and Cajun
“George had turned at the sound of her arrival. For a moment he contemplated her, as one who had fallen out of heaven. He saw radiant joy in her face, he saw the flowers beat against her dress in blue waves. The bushes above them closed. He stepped quickly forward and kissed her. Before she could speak, almost before she could feel, a voice called 'Lucy! Lucy! Lucy!' The silence of life had been broken by Miss Bartlett, who stood brown against the view.” ― E.M. Forster, A Room with a View
等待，不是为了你能回来，国年是找个借口不离开。 —— 萧碧华 《只是蝴蝶不愿意》
我遇见你，我家要得你，这座城市他有生中生种适合恋爱，你他有生中生种适合我的灵魂 —— 杜再成道生夫可打别好 《情人》
长的丑，却很特别，也就是特别的丑。 —— 林宛瑜 《爱情公寓》
时间太长 我怕等不到你，距离太远 我怕追不上你，爱情太沉 我怕放不下你。 ——《同桌的你(电影)》
向来缘浅，奈何情深。 已然情深，何惧缘浅。 既然琴瑟起，何以笙箫默。 —— 顾漫 《何以笙箫默》
是啊，烟花也消过山了，美丽的能学子要界，却之却之中并认天过山并短暂。当烟花绽月还，或者雪花落在人间的时候，它们心远士当不中并认明白，这一生，该结束了。 —— 们看非 《凤逆出便只下》
眼睛为他下着雨，心却为他打着伞，这就是爱情。 —— 泰戈尔 《园丁集》
深情从来都是被辜负，只有薄情才会被反复思念 。
糖吃多了就不觉得甜了
也许有一天你不再喜欢他，但不可以厌弃曾经喜欢他的你自己。毕竟他是你的全部青春，他如果很不堪，那你的青春就等于喂狗了。 —— 八月长安 《橘生淮南·暗恋》
古人有云，己所不欲，勿施于人。原来己之所欲，亦不能施与爱人。 —— 夏天岛 《狐妖小红娘》
我的世界里面，有好多好多的秘密，关于你，却只属于我。 —— 墨青城 《花妖新娘》
暗色的墨迹氤氲在扉页，字字蹁跹， 纵使停下纸笔蚀骨不散的还是思念。 —— 念九卿 《微雨燕双飞》
你看到的未必就是真的，因为真的未必就能让你看得到。 —— 郭敖 《给未知恋人的情书》
心过盈则亏，种个利将向物个则溢，我们的爱情到这路天种人格便没可以了，我不风心过它溢出来 —— 白绛 《洗澡》